{"salary": "Bonus, RSP, 3 weeks vac., 100% benefits", "description": " Title: \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 Payments Specialist \u00a0  Overview: Our financial client downtown Toronto is looking for a Payments Technologies Specialist to join their team on a full-time permanent basis.\u00a0 Our client owns, manages and supports a broad range of technology for commercial use. The technology has been built on diverse platforms as requirements, products, and technology has evolved. Under the direction of the Senior Manager, this position will assist in the development and maintenance of all payment specifications and the technologies used in delivering payment products. In support of development and delivery, this position uses their grasp of emerging technologies to accelerate key technology adoption and synchronization with relevant industry standards and trends. In supporting all specifications and technologies for today and in the future, this position also provides a point of contact for technical support in core technology assets. This is an excellent opportunity for someone early-mid career to take their deep SME in payments and expand the reach and impacts of it and to continue to learn and grow much more. \u00a0 What you will be doing:  Enterprise Architecture contributions to vision and strategy and choice of technologies Working closely with various groups internally (Product, Operations, Business Planning and Release, etc.) Participant in creative lab exercises with the Technology team Developing specifications for Mobile NFC, EMV Dual Interface, IMN Application, Transfers, Cross Border services, and Online. PoC for Technical support for Operations and Product clarifications. Support delivery of solutions from proof-of-concept to day-to-day support. ", "company": {"id": 521122, "name": "TEEMA Solutions Group Inc"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Things you need to have:  Minimum 3 years\u2019 experience\u00a0 developing and implementing applications targeted to mobile \u00a0handsets. Experience working with a significant aspect of a technology and contributing to its\u00a0 technical design and implementation.  Strong knowledge of mobile technologies , operating systems and associated software development environments. Strong knowledge of the Android operating system and developing applications for Android. Basic knowledge of\u00a0 networking protocols\u00a0 and network management. Familiar with\u00a0 SDLC methodologies \u00a0and comfortable working within their framework. Working knowledge of EMV, ISO industry standards, Global Platform \u00a0and familiarity with Key management hierarchies and public key infrastructure. Working knowledge of Payment switching , payment terminal and card applications, payment card personalization and credentials management. Experience developing applications that make use of\u00a0 radioing technologies,\u00a0 ideally NFC and Bluetooth. Working knowledge of\u00a0 web services , open systems, 3-tier architecture and enterprise Java. Knowledge of emerging technologies \u00a0such as NFC and smart card operating systems. Analytical\u00a0 and problem solving skills related to code logic, application interfaces, data abstraction, data transmission and user interface design. . Ability to help diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve application or specification related issues. Forward thinking \u00a0that helps understand business requirements and that ensures overall architecture and solution meet stakeholder needs. University degree \u00a0and/or equivalent work experience. \u00a0 It would be good if you had:  Mobile or Card or Virtual Payments Business Systems Release Planning and Management Operations background  \u00a0  For information about TEEMA Solutions Group and to consider other career opportunities, please visit our website at www.teemagroup.com ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 27, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 29, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "3", "name": "Associate"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Payments Specialist"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "8420", "expirationTimestamp": 1396062636000, "id": 11889306, "postingTimestamp": 1393470634000}