{"description": " ThoughtWorks is synonymous with innovation. We\u2019re dedicated to the art of perfecting software delivery by keeping it lightweight, fast-moving and open-source. \u00a0Our clients are people and organizations with ambitious missions \u2013 whether they\u2019re in the commercial, social, or government sectors. They trust us to deliver the disruptive thinking and technology that empowers them to succeed.  By joining ThoughtWorks, you join a diverse community of bright individuals whose purpose is to revolutionize software design, creation and delivery, while advocating for positive social change. \u00a0In our 20th year, over 2300 ThoughtWorkers are currently serving clients from offices across 11 countries.  We're seeking passionate technologists, regardless of background to work with us. We want hackers, philosophers, activists \u2013 courageous people with good hearts and creative approaches to problem-solving.  As a Quality Assurance Analyst here\u2019s what you can do at ThoughtWorks: \u00a0  Learn something new everyday.  Travel the world.  Speak at conferences.  Write blogs and books.  Start new offices in places you\u2019ve never been before.  Think through hard problems, and work with a team to make them reality.  Work in a dynamic, collaborative, transparent, non-hierarchal, and ego-free culture where your talent is valued over a role title  Develop your career outside of the confinements of a traditional career path by focusing on what you\u2019re passionate about rather than a predetermined one-size-fits-all plan  Come up with testing strategies that meet the ever-changing requirements of our \u00a0user-centric solutions and business goals  Design, build, and test critical and complex custom-designed, multi-tier, business applications that use a wide range of current technologies  Mentor and evangelize Agile, Lean, and Continuous Development testing best practices  Utilize your hands-on skills while providing leadership and strategic guidance to the teams and client ", "company": {"id": 157356, "name": "ThoughtWorks"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Here\u2019s what you\u2019ll bring: \u00a0  Commercial experience as a QA engineer/software developer with a significant focus on test automation (MUST HAVE)  Experience with all aspects of test automation: functional, performance, stress, etc. (Must have)  Experience with more than one of the leading test automation tools and frameworks, closed-tools such as QTP and open-source tools such as Sahi, Selenium, Watir/N, Fitness, and Cucumber etc. (Must have)  Experience with testing products with the following technology stacks (or equivalent): Ruby, Java, .NET, SQL, XML, web services (Must Have)  Experience in testing web applications with knowledge of browsers and user-interface testing techniques  Knowledge of software best practices like test-driven development (TDD), behavioral-driven development (BDD), and continuous integration  Experience in mentoring and executing Agile, Lean, and Continuous Delivery best practices (Must have)  A disruptive attitude towards technology innovation  A willingness to do what it takes to get the job done. Whether that means going back to the drawing board with a problem or simply taking on different roles and responsibilities for a period of time you thrive at adapting to changing environments.  We work almost exclusively on customer site providing a mix of delivery and consulting services, so you\u2019ll be flexible about travel, and willing to travel extensively as part of your role. \u00a0Most of our consultants travel every week and fly home for weekends. We do everything we can to make life here as easy as possible and do our best to take people\u2019s personal situations into account.  Our North America offices are in Chicago, Dallas, New York, Atlanta, San Francisco, and Toronto. \u00a0Relocation isn't necessary if you live in one of these cities. If you live elsewhere, please let us know to which one you are willing to relocate to. ", "postingDate": {"year": 2013, "day": 21, "month": 10}, "locationDescription": "Toronto", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 18, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Automation QA Analyst"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1395150613000, "id": 9388850, "postingTimestamp": 1382363413000}