{"description": " Express Scripts Canada seeks to hire a Project Manager. Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Program Management Office the incumbent will be responsible for ongoing project management assignments as required for Express Scripts Canada. With the assistance of the project team \u2013 Developers, Business Analysts and Technical Writers and QA, this role is responsible for developing project plans, coordinating, tracking, and ensuring that projects deliver on-time, on budget and within specified targets and quality parameters and managing risks. In addition the incumbent will work with, the incident management, problem management, change management and release management already in place to deliver such projects as specified by the organization and under the guidance of the Project Management Office. The Express Scripts Canada client server systems are currently running in a Unix (HP), Oracle and Visual Basic environment. The OLTP systems use EDI and Tuxedo. The Reporting systems are offered over a corporate intranet and have been developed in Java and Oracle tools. The next generation of these systems will be moving to a J2EE environment and the Object- oriented designs will be documented in UML notation. Key Responsibilities:  Project Management  Manage projects with strategic impact on Express Scripts Canada; ensuring projects are delivered on time, budget and within quality targets Responsible for developing project plans and negotiating project resources, along with developing, mentoring and challenging the project team across Express Script Canada\u2019s matrix organization Exercise sound judgment and resourcefulness in identifying and resolving complex project management problems, challenging courses of action, assessing risks and modifying plans as conditions change throughout the project lifecycle Support projects and initiatives as assigned that support the corporate initiatives and resolve complex or critical system or business process issues Review and track status of project and deliverables and provides project updates and ongoing cost analysis to IT and business line management. Conducts presentations regarding project status and current issues. Working with other Project Managers and the Sr Manager, PMO, review resource plans across the business lines to identify and communicate over/under capacity opportunities to ensure optimum resourcing in line business objectives and overall IT yearly plan priorities Contributes to improve the best practices of the project management community within the Enterprise to help drive consistency, transparency and execution excellence on projects  Qualifications:  Post-secondary degree computer science or related field, or equivalent work experience. 5 years of experience in project management in an IS software development environment PMP Certification Project management experience and proven ability to prioritize work and meet work commitments. Experience/knowledge in client-server and web-based architectures. Ability to motivate and provide leadership and mentoring to employees and create a culture that supports high employee morale. Advanced problem solving skills and the ability to work collaboratively with other departments to resolve complex issues with innovative solutions. Strong customer service focus, adaptable, flexible and willing to learn. Self-starter able to work in a dynamic environment and make independent decisions Excellent oral and written facilitation and communication and presentation skills Must have extensive practical experience and knowledge with technologies for planning, organizing, and monitoring multiple IT projects simultaneously (e.g. MS Project, SharePoint, Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Powerpoint) Must have experience in MS Office tools used for project management, specifically MS Project. Must have effective influencing skills to impact decisions Ability to motivate and provide leadership and mentoring to employees and create a culture that supports high employee morale Advanced problem solving skills and the ability to work collaboratively with other departments to resolve complex issues with innovative solutions Strong customer service focus, adaptable, flexible and willing to learn Excellent oral and written facilitation and communication and presentation skills required Must be comfortable to effectively present and provide updates to senior leaders Willingness to work a flexible schedule to accommodate project deadlines, 5% travel Experience/knowledge in client-server and web-based architectures Knowledge of:  Oracle Databases, PL/SQL Programming: Cobol, C, Visual Basic, HPUX, Shell Script Web Programming: Java, XML, HTML, XHTML, Weblogic, CORBA, J2EE EDI Tuxedo Knowledge of the group health insurance (pharmacy, dental, other health) industry or adjudication systems is an asset Knowledge of industry standards such as the capability maturity model (CMM), information technology information library (ITIL) as an asset ", "company": {"id": 4969, "name": "Express Scripts"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 24, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Canada-Ontario-Mississauga", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 26, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Project Manager"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "1400015W", "expirationTimestamp": 1395819118000, "id": 11828427, "postingTimestamp": 1393227118000}