{"description": " Responsibilities: We are searching for an exceptional Software Leader to lead a team of senior, talented engineers in our Imaging Division. The successful candidate will interact with a broad range of reputable, global industry partners. This exciting career opportunity affords exposure to a broad range of technology which proves to be both incredibly interesting and challenging. If you are have a proven track record driving teams and delivering world class products, we want to hear from you! Provide leadership to a team of Software Engineers and direct their activities in the delivery of Print Management software solutions. Oversee the analysis, design, development, debugging, and modification of complex software systems for delivery into global markets. This includes the preparation of technical documentation and providing written, concise proposals and recommendations. Interact with project managers, marketing, sales, customers and other end users to define system or application requirements and capture in appropriate documentation. May take a lead engineering role with multiple large/complex projects or customer accounts. Act as an escalation point for issues ranging from deployment and delivery to resource allocation. Distribute and prioritize work assignments and monitor performance of team members. Select, develop, and evaluate performance of direct reports, ensuring an efficient and productive operation. Create operational processes and procedures for their teams, ensuring processes are followed. Devise strategic plans for their area and deliver on those plans. Devise/track key performance indicators to show progress and goal achievement against those plans. Qualifications: Number of Years of Work Experience: 10+ years Required Skills: 5+ years managing development teams Demonstrated, strong problem solving skills Experience with Windows Service/Application Development Experience with C/C++ with strong system level coding skills Experience with Enterprise solutions Ability to review bug reports, form understanding, and action appropriately Ability to work with a large code base and provide understand and fixes as needed Experience with providing project status to Management Excellent verbal and written communication skills Preferred Skills: Experience with Agile Track record of successfully delivering software with high quality Mac and Linux experience a plus Experience with print solutions a plus Education: Bachelor or Graduate University degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent Certifications preferred but not required, such as Sun Certified Java Developer (SCJD), Microsoft Certified Applications Developer (MCAD), Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE), etc. We offer a competitive compensation package; including 4 weeks\u2019 vacation, 10 paid sick days, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Group Registered Retirement Savings Plan, Deferred Profit Sharing Plan, full health benefits as of date of hire. Nuance offers a relaxed yet technically challenging work environment. Join our dynamic, entrepreneurial team and become part of our fast growing track of continuing success. Nuance is an Equal Opportunity Employer.", "company": {"id": 3719, "name": "Nuance Communications, Inc."}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 25, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "CA-ON-Waterloo", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 27, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Manager, Software Engineering"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "1-10615", "expirationTimestamp": 1395906524000, "id": 11846302, "postingTimestamp": 1393314523000}