{"description": " Are you a student of the world? Are you ready to build your career, not just your r\u00e9sum\u00e9? Do you think the world can work smarter? IBM is looking for people to work alongside the best and brightest minds in the world to build a smarter planet. The following student position is a part of IBM Canada's EPIC (Employment Pathways to Interns &amp; Co-ops) Student Program. This position is only open to students registered in a Canadian University or College program, who have completed a minimum of 2 years of their degree or diploma program, and who must be returning to full-time study upon the completion of the temporary IBM work term. This Student Position resides in Vancouver (Yaletown) and is a 8 month work term for May 2014. Job Title: Software Developer Main Responsibilities include: As a member of the IBM Content Collector software development team, you will be engaged in all phases of the software development life cycle including design, development, and documentation. You will be working as part of a small team and will be expected to take on multiple projects to support the development effort. Projects include coding new features for IBM Content Collector, building and designing tool sets for development and automating test cases. Your tasks will include: Developing new applications and tools White box testing Technical documentation Build and installer maintenance Special projects Qualification: Windows development experience Java or C# experience is required Understanding of programming languages: C++, JavaScript Demonstrated communication skills (verbal and written) Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills Self starter and ability to learn quickly Ability to work on multiple projects in parallel This position is intended for senior-level undergraduate students Coop or internship program enrollment an asset What IBM Offers You: 1. Work directly on product and services that affect our clients, while having access to cutting edge software technology 2. Work is challenging and rewarding 3. Access to obtain IBM Product Certification during work term 4. A casual dress code and flexible work hours, to ensure work-life balance 5. Future Blue - IBM\u2019s large student community that provides networking opportunities, sporting and social events. Students must apply to www.ibm.com/start in addition to their university job board (if applicable) in order to be considered for the position. It is highly recommended to include your transcript (official or unofficial) to complement your application. Required  High School Diploma/GED English: Fluent  Preferred  Pre-University qualification  Additional information This role will involve working with technology that is covered by embargo Export Regulations. If you are a Foreign National from any of the following embargoed countries (Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria) on a work permit you are not eligible for employment in this position. IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.     ", "company": {"id": 1009, "name": "IBM"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 29, "month": 1}, "locationDescription": "Vancouver, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 30, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "1", "name": "Internship"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Software Developer, Coop (Vancouver, Yaletown)"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "SWG-0626588", "expirationTimestamp": 1396177476000, "id": 11268630, "postingTimestamp": 1390993476000}