{"description": " Bringing structure to the unstructured by unleashing the power of information OpenText Enterprise Information Management (EIM) technologies and business solutions allow organizations to take full advantage of enterprise information to gain better business insight, capitalize on opportunities to positively impact the business, improve process velocity, reduce risks related to information governance, and protect sensitive information and intellectual property from internal leaks and external threats. With growing volumes and a host of formats to manage and leverage, organizations need to bring structure to the unstructured. By doing so, they will be unleashing the power of information to drive faster decision making, improved agility, strong security policies, and an increased ability to both exploit the opportunities and control the risks of enterprise information. OpenText provides solutions across the entire range of core EIM capabilities \u2013 sophisticated, secure, high-value, and cost-effective \u2013 onsite, via mobile devices, private cloud, or in the cloud. What is this role? The OpenText ECM Technical Analyst team is currently searching for a technically dynamic and resourceful individual who has the ability to provide exceptional technical customer support in a challenging and rewarding environment. The incumbent will be joining a team that provides world class technical customer support to a variety of enterprise customers while working across business units to ensure that customer satisfaction is met in every form. Their focus will be supporting the ECM (Enterprise Content Management) suite of products within complex customer environments, while suggesting techniques and tools for application development. The successful candidate will be working in a highly functioning team consisting of Technical Analysts and Senior Technical Analysts that work effectively together to reach a common goal.  What you will be doing: \u2022 Representing OpenText acting as first point of contact for all technical inquiries regarding Content Server and its integration into external environments. \u2022 Utilizing exceptional written and verbal communication skills while supporting customers via telephone or email, while demonstrating a high level of customer focus and empathy \u2022 Meet established service delivery guidelines and key performance indicators that are measured through customer satisfaction surveys, phone based activities, and schedule adherence. \u2022 Show an understanding of the customer environment and product enabling resolution of complex technical issues and providing alternative support options which may not be related to OpenText products directly. \u2022 Act as a key point of contact for customer follow up and incident management, while maintaining ITSM with updates and resolution. \u2022 Collaborating on cross-team and cross-product technical issues with a variety of resources including development to document software defects and customer suggestions. \u2022 Contributing to the knowledge base by authoring and editing articles to share current information with team members. \u2022 Using professional/technical knowledge, guided by known practices and established precedents, make decisions within defined parameters to impact schedules and deliverables of the project/function. \u2022 Work under general guidance with results reviewed periodically, seeking approval from others on matters outside of job or role as needed. Position Requirements  What does it take? \u2022 2 years previous experience working within a technical support environment \u2022 University/College degree within a related discipline or equivalent work experience \u2022 Solid foundation working with Windows OS, and any scripting, (ie. Java, SQL, CGI, Perl, .NET or C++) \u2022 Knowledge of Web Servers and HTML (ie. Tomcat or MS IIS) \u2022 Experience working with relational DBMS (Oracle, MS SQL Server) \u2022 Background in LDAP and solid understanding of directory services \u2022 Strong desire to provide exceptional customer support efficiently with a high focus on first call resolution \u2022 Proven experience working in a fluid environment that is ever growing and changing \u2022 Strong ability to multi-task and prioritize work effectively \u2022 Positive attitude, patience, understanding, dedication and commitment \u2022 Strong attention to detail and the ability to grasp concepts quickly and have a thirst for knowledge. OpenText is an equal opportunity employer that hires and attracts talent regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, age, veteran status, or sexual orientation. At OpenText we acknowledge, value and respect diversity. We draw on diversity of thought and experience to reflect the rich array of cultures representing our broad global customer base. As a technology company, we can only be as good as the people who are part of our team. To that end, we seek talent with diversity of life experiences and perspectives from around the world! If you may require accommodation in completing the application process please email recruiting@opentext.com or call our toll free number 866-385-6847. If you are contacted regarding this position, please advise the interview coordinator of accommodation measures you may require during our selection process. Information received relating to accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially.", "company": {"id": 2709, "name": "OpenText"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2013, "day": 8, "month": 11}, "locationDescription": "Canada, ON, Waterloo", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 8, "month": 4}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Technical Analyst"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "6454", "expirationTimestamp": 1396964767000, "id": 9672104, "postingTimestamp": 1383918367000}