{"description": "This role is responsible for the successful development of solutions that meet sponsor/stakeholder requirements for the CED - GAT trading desk in Canada. The CED technology team architects solutions, support, operations and systems development to the front office. There is an opportunity for a talented and self-motivated individual to join the team. Key Accountabilities: Ability to manage independently - software development life-cycle Assist customers with defining, documenting, and designing solutions by creating detailed descriptions of user needs, program functions, and steps required to achieve solution. Partner with the business and introduce and grow trading opportunities in a timely manner Work with team-members and distribute tasks enlisted from the above design Write Code (C++ and Java on Linux) to eventually translate the design into working solution. Ensure proper unit-testing. Ensure integration and full regression of the use-cases - working with the other components and team-members. Ensure proposed solutions are compliant with business and technology roadmaps Ensure training and acceptance by end-users and proper production deployment with foresight around proper checkout and post-deployment coverage on the Trading desk. Able to meet project deadlines and work to meet timely delivery schedules Job Requirements: (Knowledge/ Experience): Required 6 \u2013 8 years experience industry experience Solid understanding of low latency trading Technical Skills: High expertise of the Linux Operating System and Networking with focus on low-latency IPC. High Expertise in Object Oriented Construction Techniques Maturity in Software Engineering - familiarity with Unit-Testing framework for C++ and Source Code Management System Understanding of scripting languages like Perl, Python, Shell is a plus. Familiarity with SQL/DB and messaging frameworks like RV, etc. is a plus Familiarity with building and supporting global deployments is a plus. Familiarity with front-to-back trade-flow is a plus If you have strong analytical skills combined with a business and technology and are looking for a highly rewarding career in a trading environment, we would be interested in speaking with you. We offer the opportunity to work with a range of technologies while developing deep industry specific skills within the business and systems arena. Preferred Knowledge of ETF Products Trading and Equity Derivatives ORC software experience FIX Experience either working within or actively using vendor products and integration into them into a large enterprise. Education: Bachelor's degree, preferably in Comp Science. Diversity:  Diversity in the workplace, one of our shared values, lies at the heart of our rewarding, open, supportive and inclusive work environment. We respect and respond to the many competing and evolving priorities in our lives so you can focus on what you can do best \u2013 put clients first.  EOE/M/F/D/V ", "company": {"id": 1800, "name": "RBC Capital Markets"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 10, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, ON", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 12, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "CED Senior Developer"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "60091", "expirationTimestamp": 1394615331000, "id": 11522608, "postingTimestamp": 1392023331000}