{"description": "Req ID: 18305-en_US Rogers is seeking a UI Application Developer to lead and coordinate activities of application development. Reporting to the Senior Development Manager at Brampton Campus this individual will provide technical leadership, systems analysis, design and development.  Responsibilities:  Writes new systems of moderate complexity, working with basic application designs and specifications, utilizing standard procedures and techniques.  Designs and codes programs of moderate to high complexity, creates test transactions and runs tests, revises as necessary.  Conducts systems analysis of organizational needs and goals for the development and implementation of application systems.  Reviews release notes, relevant documentation and participates in code reviews.  Provides application and user support, troubleshooting, application testing, system integration testing and post-implementation review of new/ changed applications.  Completes unit and integration testing, ensuring adherence to standards and design specifications.  Develops domain expertise in specific technical skills, tools, and techniques.  Extends understanding of business and ITS strategies, drivers, and processes at the project to department level.  Extends awareness of risks associated with application development potential impacts, incorporating risk planning and mitigation.  Helps select team members.  Experience &amp; Education  Undergraduate degree or Technical Certificate.  4 - 6 years equivalent experience.  Technical Skills  Expertise in cross-browser HTML and CSS  In-depth knowledge of JavaScript, AJAX, JSON and DOM manipulation  Deep understanding of web standards and best practices  Client-side libraries/frameworks such as JQuery or others.  Familiar with Java and JSP  Knowledge of MVC  Familiar with Database concepts  Schedule: Full Time Shift: Day Length of Contract: Not Applicable (Regular Position) Work Location: 8200 Dixie Road (101), Brampton, Ontario Travel Requirements: None Posting Category/Function: Technology &amp; Information Technology ABOUT US: What does it mean to join Canada\u2019s most dynamic communications and media company? It means working with the best and brightest to deliver innovation that makes a difference in the lives of Canadians. It\u2019s enjoying great work and even greater rewards. Working together, we make sure our customers stay inspired, informed, and in touch with advanced networks, powerhouse media brands, and technologically-advanced communications services. It\u2019s a thrill. It\u2019s rewarding. It\u2019s Rogers. Apply now for a career like never before.", "company": {"id": 232888, "name": "Rogers Communications Inc."}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 10, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Brampton, Ontario, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 12, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Sr. UI Application Developer"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "18305-en_US", "expirationTimestamp": 1394612768000, "id": 11523216, "postingTimestamp": 1392020768000}