{"description": "Senior Learning Application Specialist Job Summary: CSA Group Senior Learning Application Specialist Vacancy SP2926 Location: Toronto. Mississauga or Cleveland Primary Function: The Senior Learning Application Developer is responsible for commercial product development for Learning Service\u2019s education products delivered for mobile devices and desktop applications for Windows/Mac operating systems. The candidate ideally has experience within a learning environment developing training products and applications. The candidate will also be responsible for overseeing the analysis, designing, coding, testing and debugging of new and/or existing learning applications designed for CSA customers. Responsibilities &amp; Duties: \u2022Participate in new product design, working with subject matter experts, development team, implementation support and production support staff to define technical specifications, system scope and objectives. Ensure that app software modeling, simulation, mock-ups and wire-frames for initial concept testing are developed to accurately reflect application concepts. \u2022Make recommendations for user interface design and identify opportunities to work with design specialists where project complexity warrants. Documents relationships with other training products and ensures consistent design and delivery where a variety of learning solutions are blended together. \u2022Analyze development plans, write (or direct), test, debug software in various programming languages, and support the implementation of production changes, while investigating and resolving development issues for CSA\u2019s commercial learning applications including mobile device applications and desktop applications. \u2022Review end user feedback and scope necessary performance tuning, improvement, balancing, and usability and ensure that development standards compliance is maintained. \u2022Support product implementation by leading quality assurance review processes, assigning QA tasks, and addressing issues as they arise. \u2022Participate in Learning Services Research &amp; Development and Continuous improvement activities by identifying and evaluating new technologies specific to mobile device formats, capabilities, and applications. Suggest changes to established methods and procedures, suggests alternative solutions and new methods to improve quality and increase productivity. \u2022Provide project planning oversight by identifying project task associated with the development lifecycle, estimate and schedule resources, assign tasks and train vendors, and project resources as necessary and ensure the agile development process is implemented while meeting product development milestones. Maintain technical process work flow documentation and error recovery procedures. Write technical documentation including installation guides for end users. Implement product delivery and integration solutions that support other CSA products, services, and systems. Education: \u2022Bachelors degree in computer science preferred or equivalent education &amp; experience Requirements: \u2022Experience with the development of learning applications and courses to support learning, blended learning approaches, and human performance improvement. \u2022Experience with cross platform development frameworks used in the development of learning products (Flash, Air, HTML5, Java) \u2022Experience with native application development frameworks including Java \u2022Experience with and/or code development skills including Java, Objective-C \u2022Experience with web technologies (ie: JavaScript, HTML/XHTML, CSS/CSS2, jQuery/jQuery mobile, PHP, HTML5, MySQL) \u2022Experience with smartphone developer resources and simulators including SDK\u2019s for iOS, BlackberryTablet OS, and Android OS. \u2022Familiarity with relevant mobile and web development environments (i.e. appcelerator\u2019s titanium platform). \u2022Familiarity with Adobe suite of learning development products, specifically Flash &amp; Flash Builder, as well as the workflow between the applications. \u2022Knowledge of information architecture, interface design, project management, agile development, versioning software, and development workflow. \u2022Experience with Object-oriented Design and Analysis (OOA and OOD) is a must. \u2022Strong verbal communication and interpersonal skills to understand business needs and translate technical issues. \u2022Good organization skills with the ability to work independently and in a team \u2022Good understanding of adult learning principles. \u2022Experience with open source learning content management systems (LCMS) would be an asset. \u2022Moderate end-user design skills Company Profile: CSA Group provides a dynamic working environment that is both challenging and stable. As a member of the CSA Group you will have the satisfaction of working in a technologically progressive organization that benefits society at large. We offer competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. CSA Group is committed to employee satisfaction throughout all divisions and offices. We offer professional growth through education divisions and training, and encourage career planning and advancement. We are also committed to a work/life balance, supporting employees through in-house health care, an Employment Assistance Program, and the Employee Mutual Benefit Association.  Skills  Adobe Acrobat PDF Adobe Photoshop Environnement Microsoft Illustrator Internet/Intranet Intranet Development Web applications  Reference 66442", "company": {"id": 459949, "name": "Canadian Standards Association"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 7, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Ontario, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 9, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Learning Application Specialist"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "J0214-0238", "expirationTimestamp": 1394344328000, "id": 11501120, "postingTimestamp": 1391752326000}