{"description": " DEPARTMENT OVERVIEW  \u00a0 AdParlor, a division of Adknowledge, provides an industry leading software as a service platform that enables the world's largest advertisers to efficiently manage and optimize their social advertising spend on Facebook, Twitter, and other social marketplaces. Our team is currently building the next generation of our platform and looking for experienced individuals with a history of delivering reliable software while meeting tight deadlines. \u00a0 The AdParlor business has a strong technology infrastructure, consisting wholly of proprietary code developed for the following functions: Consuming and interfacing with Facebook, Twitter and other social ad platform APIs An easy-to-use client-facing interface with flexible reporting and permissions Running calculations and automating decisions to determine the optimal cohorts of users and the appropriate bid for each cohort A robust tracking system designed to track return on investment and lifetime value of users for our advertisers  Team  \u00a0 The Software Engineering team is located in downtown Toronto and is comprised of backend engineers, frontend engineers, product designers, and product managers. The Senior Software Engineer position will work closely with the backend development team and reports directly to the Vice President of Engineering. \u00a0  POSITION OVERVIEW\u00a0  \u00a0 The Senior Software Engineer is responsible for helping define the future of our SPA and multi-API intercommunication platform. A typical day has a healthy mix of working closely with the product team to help define new features, building and improving product features, writing unit tests against these features, and fixing problems identified by our stakeholders. Our platform utilizes many different languages and technologies including Ruby, Resqueue, RabbitMQ, PHP, NodeJS, Java, MySQL, and MongoDB. Primary duties include: \u00a0 1. Collaborating with peers on architectural design and implementation 2. Building and maintaining high-performance, fault-tolerant, scalable distributed software systems in the context of AdParlor's service-oriented architecture. 3. Mentoring junior developers on best practices in programming and testing, database structure, implementation, and performance 4. Interacting with stakeholders to explain new features or diagnose issues ", "company": {"id": 12520, "name": "Adknowledge"}, "skillsAndExperience": " CANDIDATE OVERVIEW\u00a0  \u00a0 The successful candidate will be an inspiring and confident leader with: Expert level knowledge in at least 1 backend language (Eg: Ruby on Rails, NodeJS, PHP, Java, etc). Ruby preferred. Working knowledge of message queuing systems and NoSQL technologies Ability to write SQL queries from scratch and design sensible database structures Knowledge of the Linux command line and bash scripting Experience with software engineering best practices: unit testing, code reviews, design documentation, excellent debugging, and troubleshooting skills. The successful candidate will also demonstrate the following abilities or traits: Desire to build software in a variety of languages Current on the latest scaling techniques and technologies Ability to work independently with minimal supervision Motivation to finish projects with time to spare Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment Willingness to give and take critical and constructive feedback  MEASUREMENTS OF SUCCESS\u00a0  \u00a0 There are several key measurements of success this employee will use to benchmark performance including: Reliability and performance of produced code Participation in team meetings and architectural discussions Knowledge imparted to other members of the team Continued improvement and knowledge of new technologies Schedule consistency and attendance record ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 7, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 9, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Software Engineer (Ruby)"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1394404537000, "id": 11515149, "postingTimestamp": 1391812536000}