{"description": " City: Toronto  Address: 330 Front St West  Work Hours/Week: 37.5  Work Environment: Office  Employment Type: Permanent  Pay Type: Salaried  Exempt/Non-Exempt: N/A  % Travel Required: 0  People Manager: No  Job Posting End Date: 01/19/2014 Primary Responsibilities: Support, Planning &amp; Implementation  Provides Applications support including off-hours support. Develops detailed plans and accurate estimates for completion of build, system testing and implementation phases of project. Develops master distribution lists, implementation and contingency plans ensuring verification is performed. Manages joint development, testing and plans and co-ordinates implementations Performs database/disaster recovery for entire system in different situations. Performs performance tuning to improve performance over multiple functions.  Technical Analysis, Design and Consulting  Provides consulting services on new initiatives (small to large of varying complexity). Assesses, researches and analyzes business and system needs, exploring alternative options to recommend technology solutions and designs that meet sponsor needs and PLC deliverables including component reusability, data sharing and security. Develops proposals for senior management. Leads detailed design phases for small to large projects/ programs identifying, tracking and resolving technical issues. Prepares high level and detailed technical specifications for small to medium projects in accordance with PLC, security and architecture documentation objectives. Together with Project Manager, determines best mix of development, interfacing applications, third party vendor solutions to meet business requirements and project objectives. Contributes to successful project completion by identifying risks and developing/recommending mitigation strategies. Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of 3rd party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Provides input and co-ordinates with DBA in creating new and modifying existing database structures using different types of databases and recommending appropriate DB based on required functionality. Organizes and participates in walkthrough reviews of all technical specifications, programs and unit test plans.  Relationships &amp; Communication  Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of 3rd party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Manages the detail aspects of day-to-day operations with 3rd party vendors. Effectively communicates and builds rapport with team members, stakeholders and interface groups using a variety of techniques and collaboration from initiation to close. Facilitates small to large group meetings for technical design, decision making, problem solving and task implementation. Prepares and delivers presentations to business and technology partners and senior management, selecting the appropriate approach based on the audience. Resolves conflicts/issues and escalates others as appropriate.  Development &amp; Coaching  May act as team leader Provides direction, expertise, feedback, coaching and development to build the capability of more junior staff. Continually enhances skills and builds knowledge in all aspects of the organization, the business and information systems.  Systems Knowledge  Programming languages, C# and .Net a must. Programming languages, C and C++, Perl, Java, optional. Knowledge of mainframe JCL nice to have. Unix tools and shell scripting optional. Development experience with SQL and stored procedures. Database technology, Microsoft SQL server &amp; Sybase ASE preferred. IBM Datastage and or other ETL tools optional. Software configuration knowledge. Conversant with other platforms like Windows, MVS optional. IT Standards, Methodologies, CMM &amp; audit requirements Middleware technologies (ex. MQSeries/Websphere, .NET) optional.  Diversity:  Diversity in the workplace, one of our shared values, lies at the heart of our rewarding, open, supportive and inclusive work environment. We respect and respond to the many competing and evolving priorities in our lives so you can focus on what you can do best \u2013 put clients first.  EOE/M/F/D/V ", "company": {"id": 1808, "name": "RBC"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 7, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, ON", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 9, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Application Support Technical Systems Analyst (C#,.Net)"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "57862", "expirationTimestamp": 1394364073000, "id": 11502928, "postingTimestamp": 1391772072000}