{"description": " The Senior Software Architect is responsible for planning, analyzing, developing, testing, supporting and reporting status on various software development projects. The primary responsibility of the Software Architect will be to design and develop a service-oriented architecture that is simple, scalable, and well defined for our web and mobile software as a service (SaaS) solution.\u00a0\u00a0 The Senior Software Architect will also be required to perform analysis, document technical plans and low-level design documents. Solid unit and integration testing along with interacting with various people and departments within our organization is critical. The Senior Software Architect will mentor other developers and architects on solution design and best practices. \u00a0 Role &amp; Responsibilities  Provide strong ownership of your work along with a desire and energy to make work fun and enjoyable while developing world class solutions. Build scalable software through architecture discussions with Product Management and Engineering to translate product use cases and requirements into industry-leading design, architecture and implementations. Implement and Support Test-driven Development and Continuous Integration Work with the internal team to drive the architecture of our AudienceView product in order to: Identify common components that can support the range of capabilities needed for our application Develop solutions that are innovative within a defined framework  Develop and refine the design for solutions to ensure that they will be sufficiently scalable, maintainable, and flexible to support the requirements for initial release and future growth. Efficiently develop high quality software components and integrate them into enterprise and consumer solutions. Actively engage with others on the development team to resolve challenging design and coding issues. Create common services, templates, and utilities that can be leveraged across the development team to accelerate delivery. Provide detailed input to the development team regarding the overall topology of the infrastructure supporting the system including application/web server sizing, database server sizing, storage requirements, and network requirements. Identify and implement best practices for the architecture and software design that can be adopted by the development. Evaluate appropriate new technologies, tools, frameworks and commercial or open source software components for integration. Hands on development including creation of design documents, design reviews, effort estimates and coding. Regularly communicate with management about risk analysis and design trade-offs. ", "company": {"id": 43880, "name": "AudienceView"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Experience and education equal to a Bachelor\u2019s degree in Computer Science / Mathematics / Engineering or related field and a minimum of three years of experience developing web-based enterprise solutions or consumer facing online services in a similar role. Excellent communication skills (both written and oral) are required as this is a highly technical position with a good mix of technological skills, communication, analysis, and status reporting needs. Strong inter-personal skills and ability to work in a collaborative environment with cross-functional teams.\u00a0 Must be able demonstrate the ability to challenge and justify a solution and future technical direction. Demonstrated ability to work across platforms with a strong foundation in the fundamentals of software development. Experience in the following areas is required: Java development for web-based applications C++ development for web-based applications Queuing for high performance computing applications NOSQL environment Open Source development  Experience developing software in both the Windows Server and Unix/Linux environments. Experience in the following areas would be an asset: Web Framework (Angular) C# Development Data Warehouse &amp; Data Mining project experience Multi-Tenancy Environment  Solid understanding of database design and data modeling across a range of platforms. Prior experience developing commercial software, preferably in a start-up environment. ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 6, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Canada Area", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 8, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "5", "name": "Director"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Architect, Software"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1394302041000, "id": 11491788, "postingTimestamp": 1391710040000}