{"description": " Bringing structure to the unstructured by unleashing the power of information OpenText Enterprise Information Management (EIM) technologies and business solutions allow organizations to take full advantage of enterprise information to gain better business insight, capitalize on opportunities to positively impact the business, improve process velocity, reduce risks related to information governance, and protect sensitive information and intellectual property from internal leaks and external threats. With growing volumes and a host of formats to manage and leverage, organizations need to bring structure to the unstructured. By doing so, they will be unleashing the power of information to drive faster decision making, improved agility, strong security policies, and an increased ability to both exploit the opportunities and control the risks of enterprise information. OpenText provides solutions across the entire range of core EIM capabilities \u2013 sophisticated, secure, high-value, and cost-effective \u2013 onsite, via mobile devices, private cloud, or in the cloud. Description : As the Senior Software Performance Analyst, you will design, develop and execute software performance and scalability tests for Open Text products. You will analyze the results of these tests, offer diagnosis of bottlenecks, and optimize their design and deployment. These tests will reflect both realistic usage profiles and data volumes expected in the field as well as stress tests that push the limits of the product\u2019s capabilities on a variety of platforms and infrastructures. The tests developed should offer a fine granularity of timing breakdowns in order to build up a code profile of where time is being spent. Once measurements and baselines are taken, you will analyze slow operations and assess their efficiency, producing findings reports or whitepapers. You will work with other members of the Performance Engineering team and respective Open Text product development teams, to share an understanding of issues found, propose alternative approaches, enhancements, or infrastructure and configuration best practices to optimize product performance. In addition to the actual testing and analysis, you will setup, configure and tune the performance lab equipment and infrastructure software to support these tests. You will work with and direct the efforts of other Performance Analysts, using non-functional Agile methodologies to manage and lead projects. Position Requirements  Skills and Attributes Needed : o Computer science, mathematics, or engineering degree or diploma, or equivalent experience working in technical roles in the software development industry o Extensive experience with performance and load testing, using tools like SilkPerformer, Load Runner, WebLoad, SOAPUI/LoadUI, etc o Experience with code profiling tools (eg JProfiler, JMeter, VTune, or similar) o Experience with resource utilization monitoring tools (eg PerfMon, SARS, netstat, etc) o IT Experience deploying and configuring hardware, operating systems, and platform software o Database administration and/or performance tuning experience (Oracle, SQL Server) is highly desirable o Development experience is also highly beneficial (eg OScript, HTML, C#, Java, JDBC, JavaScript, SQL) o Experience with Open Text products or similar competing products would be an asset o Clear verbal and written communication skills in English is vital o Highly organized with project leadership skills o Most important is a keen interest and tenacity for finding performance bottlenecks, designing/developing tests to expose them and finding solutions to mitigate them OpenText is an equal opportunity employer that hires and attracts talent regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, age, veteran status, or sexual orientation. At OpenText we acknowledge, value and respect diversity. We draw on diversity of thought and experience to reflect the rich array of cultures representing our broad global customer base. As a technology company, we can only be as good as the people who are part of our team. To that end, we seek talent with diversity of life experiences and perspectives from around the world! If you may require accommodation in completing the application process please email recruiting@opentext.com or call our toll free number 866-385-6847. If you are contacted regarding this position, please advise the interview coordinator of accommodation measures you may require during our selection process. Information received relating to accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially.", "company": {"id": 2709, "name": "OpenText"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 7, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Canada, ON, Waterloo", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 9, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Software Performance Analyst"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "6680", "expirationTimestamp": 1394346303000, "id": 11501296, "postingTimestamp": 1391754303000}