{"description": " Applications Architect, Java/J2EE, Health Care CGI is the World\u2019s 5th largest independent IT and business process services company. We provide high-end business and IT Consulting, Systems Integration and IT &amp; Business Management services. CGI has over 100+ IP-based business solutions in 40 countries spanning Financial Services, Government, Healthcare, Manufacturing, Retail, Telecommunications, Utilities and Oil &amp; Gas. We are a proven and demonstrated success, achieving an industry-leading track record of on-time, on-budget projects and innovative solutions. CGI Edmonton has deep, 15+ year, relationships with the various Alberta Health ministries as a key services provider. Due to continued successful delivery of Applications Management and Applications Development services, we are seeking an experienced Java Applications Architect to join the team. This is a senior level role accountable for providing innovative solutions and consultative services to our Health clients in Alberta. In the role of Architect you will work alongside 5 other CGI Architects on various projects typically between $500K and 1M or up to, M+. In this role, you will initially be assigned to a large multi-year project dealing with critical information monitoring and integration. This is an exciting project with high impact on critical health services for Albertans. You will work directly with the client team of BA\u2019s, domain Architects and a Project Manager; starting from the requirements and design phase through to final implementation. Responsibilities Work in team-oriented environment, providing architectural technical expertise and guidance to key stakeholders on a broad range of architectural related projects; Work as part of various engagement pursuit teams designing suitable solution models which meet client requirements; Work closely with clients and team members to understand the business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions; Contribute towards the building of appropriate client deliverables, which may include RFP responses, PowerPoint decks, and other artifacts; Validate design proposals for new solutions and technical reviews of existing systems; Define, analyze and validate detailed system architecture, requirements and design; Evaluate changes and perform impact analysis; Review and validate system deliverables to maintain the integrity of the system architecture; Apply SDLC concepts and best practices for designing, coding, testing and implementing application software that is delivered on time and within budget; Make recommendations on how to replace customized functionality with out-of-the box solutions; Provide knowledge with a broad range of old and new technologies to recognize and exploit the advantages of all; Assess, address, and recommend solutions to technical risks to the system architecture; Document, evaluate and recommend architecture and design alternatives; Mentor architects, developers, and other resources (technical and non-technical) in aspects of architecture; Provide technical team project leadership; Successfully support the assessment of current architectures, recommend future architectures and document a road map to implement future architectures; Follow policies and procedures like change management, project governance and software configuration management; Qualifications 10+ years\u2019 of progressive experience in the Enterprise IT domain focused on Applications Development, Design and Architecture 5+ years\u2019 of experience working as an Applications Architect and utilizing the Java/J2EE platform Demonstrated knowledge of enterprise and solution architecture concepts, values, methodologies, and differentiators Advanced technical expertise in a variety of technologies and technical/architecture areas to include Web and Application Servers; A broad range of technical languages and platforms including many of the following: WebSphere, Java, jax-ws, ant build, jboss, SOAP (XML, xsd), Websphere Successfully demonstrated experience working with multiple internal and external stakeholders / clients / domain experts Excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills Post-secondary education in related discipline or equivalent work experience Attributes Thrives in dynamic and fast paced environments Manages changing priorities Strategic thinker Driven and committed to client satisfaction / toward customer service Business Acumen Professional communicator Self-motivated Nice to Have Experience in the \u201cConsulting\u201d or Professional Services environment Experience working with Public Sector clients / organizations; specifically Healthcare related organizations Experience with HL7 Certifications in technical and/or architecture areas such as Oracle/Sun, IASA, TOGAF, ITAC, ITIL, PMP, etc. At CGI, we\u2019re a team of builders. We call our employees members because all who join CGI are building their own company - one that has grown to 68,000 professionals located in 40 countries. Founded in 1976, CGI is a leading IT and business process services firm committed to helping clients succeed. We have the global resources, expertise, stability and dedicated professionals needed to achieve results for our clients - and for our members. Come grow with us. Learn more at www.cgi.com. This is a great opportunity to join a winning team. CGI offers a competitive compensation package with opportunities for growth and professional development. Benefits for full-time, permanent members start on the first day of employment and include a paid time-off program and profit participation and stock purchase plans. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for this position, however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. No unsolicited agency referrals please. WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.  Skills  Application Design Data Modeling Java Technical Architecture HL7  ", "company": {"id": 1415, "name": "CGI"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 19, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Edmonton, Alberta, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 21, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Applications Architect, Java/J2EE, Health Care"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "304636", "expirationTimestamp": 1395381148000, "id": 11665964, "postingTimestamp": 1392789146000}