{"description": "Req ID: 18134-en_US Are you looking to join a team that is passionate about mobile, that possesses a genuine start-up mentality and that work on cutting edge business and consumer products? Then consider Rogers. We are looking for a Senior Developer who gets excited about challenges and that will cease every opportunity to apply their knowledge, experience, and resourcefulness within the Rogers New Product center of excellence development team. Scope The Senior Developer of Technology Development will work collaboratively within the Application Development center of excellence, a team of highly skilled, multidisciplinary Developers and Architects with passion for developing innovative applications and experiences across mobile, tablet, PC and TV screens. The Senior Developer will work with the Senior Solution Architect to foster a set of internal development guidelines, the outcome of which will be shared with internal Development Teams and applicable Vendors to drive Application Design and Development standards across the organization. Responsibilities  Gathers and analyzes business requirements and use cases from internal stakeholders for mobile and web applications.  Assists in identifying non-functional requirements, risk assessments, and providing assistance at all phases of a project from requirements to delivery.  Builds task lists and resource requirements for project builds to be shared and reviewed with the rest of the team.  Implements solutions using appropriate enterprise and technologies and creates unit test cases to verify functionality against specifications.  Works with cross-functional teams to produce and maintain internal and Vendor-facing documentation.  Provides application development support for web platforms, including regular maintenance and enhancements to these applications, web services and databases.  Helps optimize the deployment of the n-tiers in all implementations.  Provides support with respect to building and updating content as required.  Troubleshoots issues reported by Customers and debugs and implements code fixes as required.  Maintains up-to-date knowledge of related technology advancements and enhancements.  Qualifications  Post-secondary education in engineering, computer science OR equivalent experience.  Intermediate J2EE developer with hands-on experience using Spring Core, Spring DAO, Spring MVC, JPA, JMS, Spring AOP, Guice  Experience in extending application capabilities within a three-tier J2EE application (Presentation, Business, and Data tiers)  Intermediate working experience using HTML5, JavaScript, CSS  Experience writing and using database routines (CRUD operations) in Java for Oracle DB  Experience in building SOAP and REST based Web Services using frameworks like CXF, Jersey, Axis2  Experience using Maven, GIT, SVN, GRAILS, IVY, ANT  Knowledge of OSGI, Spring DM, Equinox, Felix is desired  Knowledge of GWT/EXT-GWT is desired  Knowledge of .NET 3.0 + is desired  Expert working knowledge of OO Design Patterns (Factories, Adapters, Proxies, Dependency Injection, etc).  Attention to detail and a positive attitude  Excellent communication (oral/written) and presentation skills  Schedule: Full Time Shift: Day Length of Contract: Not Applicable (Regular Position) Work Location: 1 Mount Pleasant (083), Toronto, Ontario Travel Requirements: None Posting Category/Function: Technology &amp; Software Development ABOUT US: What does it mean to join Canada\u2019s most dynamic communications and media company? It means working with the best and brightest to deliver innovation that makes a difference in the lives of Canadians. It\u2019s enjoying great work and even greater rewards. Working together, we make sure our customers stay inspired, informed, and in touch with advanced networks, powerhouse media brands, and technologically-advanced communications services. It\u2019s a thrill. It\u2019s rewarding. It\u2019s Rogers. Apply now for a career like never before.", "company": {"id": 232888, "name": "Rogers Communications Inc."}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 3, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Ontario, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 5, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Software Developer"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "18134-en_US", "expirationTimestamp": 1394012290000, "id": 11423141, "postingTimestamp": 1391420290000}