{"description": "No software application is used by more people than the web browser. There are dozens of browsers available today, but all of them are based on the same basic architecture introduced nearly two decades ago. Amazon Web Services (AWS) has formed a brand new team to take a radically different approach to this application that is so central to the daily life of billions of customers. With our new browser, Amazon Silk, we are leveraging the power of cloud computing to fundamentally change the way people experience the web. Imagine the possibilities when a web browser is powered by a vast, scalable server fleet, massive network connections, and limitless storage resources. Can you think of ways to use those assets to make the browsing experience faster or to introduce previously impossible features? If you are interested in blazing new trails in the cloud computing space this team is for you. We truly believe that extensive automated testing is critical for successful software systems. In this role, you will work very closely with our software engineers to build frameworks that effectively test every aspect of our system. You will be expected to come up with innovative ways to automate testing for functionality, performance, and security. You will be the customer advocate who ensures that quality is never compromised. Your input will have direct influence on our release schedule and task priorities. To be successful in this role, you should have a passion for high quality software as well as test automation. Why would you want to work for the Amazon Silk team? Huge Impact: Everyone uses web browsers, and you will play a big role in implementing the next-generation web browser. Technology convergence: Amazon Silk is a unique opportunity to get involved in multiple cutting edge technology areas: web browsers, mobile platforms, and cloud computing. Wear many hats: You will have deep ownership of many different aspects of the service, such as product direction, technical design and implementation, and operations. Learning: Work alongside some of Amazon&amp;rsquo;s most senior engineers. Scale: Build software systems that support millions of customers. Have fun: Our mantra is to work hard, play hard, and have fun. We also find ways to relax and unwind, with beer bashes, team events, and lunches. You can also participate in a multitude of Amazon corporate events.  Bachelor&amp;rsquo;s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, IT, or similar technical degree, or at least 5 years combination of technical education and work experience. Proficiency in, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C++, or Java Experience designing and creating test plans and writing test automation  Experience with web services as well as mobile platforms Experience with measuring and reporting quality and performance Fluent in at least one scripting language, and the ability to read and understand Java code Excellent oral and written communication skills ** For more information on Amazon Web Services, please visit http://aws.amazon.com ** *LI-RB1 aws-qa-na ", "company": {"id": 1586, "name": "Amazon"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 18, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Vancouver, BC", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 20, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "3", "name": "Associate"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Software Development Engineer in Test, Amazon Silk"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "252006", "expirationTimestamp": 1395355805000, "id": 11666430, "postingTimestamp": 1392763804000}