{"description": " \u00a0 Exinda is an innovative networking company recently recognized as a visionary in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for WAN Optimization Controllers. We have over 10,000 appliances installed in more than 2,900 organizations worldwide. We are winning in the market because of our passion for innovation \u2013 we\u2019re committed to pushing the boundaries in software development. \u00a0 The WAN Orchestration System guarantees application performance, improves the end-user experience, contains recreational applications and reduces network operating costs for the IT executive. Unlike conventional WAN optimization solutions that focus on acceleration only, Exinda delivers assessment, acceleration and assurance capabilities within a single integrated offering to assure user experience for any application, anywhere, any time. \u00a0 This means we help teachers teach by ensuring that learning systems like those from D2L, Instructure, or Blackboard are accelerated and have reserved bandwidth.\u00a0 It also means we help people in Africa bank by accelerating the satellite links needed to connect local branches to the main banks.\u00a0 Help us help the UN spend less money on bandwidth and more money helping people grow food in Africa. \u00a0 Exinda is growing our team adding a mixture of junior and senior developer who will be responsible for building our Central Management System, and extending our appliance UI. As part of this agile scrum team, you will be working on all aspects of the product and development environment. Whether it is working with cutting edge new technologies, creating fluid user interfaces, optimizing client side performance, or solving challenging scaling problems; there is interesting work awaiting you. The office environment is open and collaborative with an emphasis on software craftsmanship, continuous integration, and test automation practices. ", "company": {"id": 37353, "name": "Exinda Networks"}, "skillsAndExperience": " We want learning to be a part of your experience with us so we don\u2019t expect you to arrive knowing everything we need but the more matches you have the better fit you\u2019ll be for the role and our team. Our wish list includes the following:\u00a0  Bachelor\u2019s Degree / Diploma in Computer Science or Engineering or related fields Experience with frontend web technologies including several of HTML5, CSS, Javascript (eg. JQuery, Backbone, NodeJs), AJAX  Java, JEE knowledge and experience is a bonus Strong understanding of networking in TCP/IP based client-server development  Familiar with open web standards and best practices for building next generation web applications Comfortable developing in a Linux environment Used to thinking in terms of solving customer problems not just technologies Familiar with MVC frameworks Understanding of HTTP and REST Experienced with unit testing and TDD Strong understanding of Object Oriented principles and patterns Experience in other languages (PHP, Java) is a strong asset  Tell us what special skills you\u2019ll bring to Exinda to help us help others! ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 16, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Kitchener, Canada Area", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 18, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Kitchener, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Web UI Developer"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1395178522000, "id": 10823010, "postingTimestamp": 1392586513000}