{"description": " Java Developer Dell\u2019s Application Modernization division of Dell Services (Dell App Mod Services) is the leading provider of rehosting and migrating of Legacy mainframe applications to UNIX, Linux and Windows platforms. Dell App Mod Services has a Product division focused on developing modern, innovative applications to support both our services teams and our customers with their legacy modernization projects, and this team is growing. We have openings for Senior and Intermediate Java Developers. Our tight-knit team is at the centre of innovation at Dell, developing cutting edge technology and user interfaces to help organizations all over the world. The Senior Java Developer is a key participant in the product lifecycle: working with our development team to create new products and enhance existing ones in the application portfolio management and legacy modernization spaces. We are looking for someone who enjoys using cutting-edge technology to develop fantastic software engineering tools. Java is our primary language, but knowledge of HTML5, JQuery, JSON, graph databases and SQL would be advantageous - whatever it takes to make a great product that developers, architects, analysts and designers can use to understand, re-architect and re-engineer legacy systems. Your prior experience with some of the newer technologies is welcome but not required. We're an Agile shop in a dynamic field where new requirements can come in at any time, and we thrive on quick delivery cycles and happy customers. Qualifications Required Skills  Computer science degree or equivalent Expert Java knowledge Experience with web development technologies: HTML, CSS and JavaScript Solid CS background: algorithms, data structures, etc. Experience working in a product, Web 2.0 or SaaS environment Experience with Agile software development Experience in a Product company Care deeply about user experience and producing a high quality product Enjoy working closely with quality assurance and users of the product Excellent oral and written communication  Nice-to-have Skills  Ruby / JRuby proficiency Java EE6 and JSF/JSF2 experience Maven build experience Eclipse RCP plugin development VCS knowledge (git and svn) Previous experience with Enterprise-level application development Solving BigData or BigCPU problems (NoSQL, MapReduce, Neo4J (graph databases), Couch, Hadoop, memcache, etc.) Experience with Microsoft .NET technologies: C#, MVC.NET, ADO, etc. Experience working in a high growth entrepreneurial company serving enterprise level clients  ", "company": {"id": 1093, "name": "Dell"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 20, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Vancouver, BC", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 22, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Vancouver, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Software Dev Sr. Advisor"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "1400079B", "expirationTimestamp": 1395480208000, "id": 11689633, "postingTimestamp": 1392888207000}