{"description": " Role Summary: The Business System Analyst is responsible for business requirements gathering, business and technical analysis, and, system configuration as part of the Client Services team within the CreditPath organization at D+H. Duties will include creation and review of new/existing business and technical documentation, configuration of business requirements, work on project teams, assist in the day-to-day troubleshooting of business and technical issues, and QA/UAT support to ensure that project goal, timeline, and budget objectives are achieved. Job Description Shaping the Future: Maintains awareness of the external environment to anticipate and influence trends that will affect D+H's customers and their business. Uses this information to continually adapt strategy to ensure D+H has competitive advantage in meeting customer needs. Driving Operational Excellence: Builds agile and effective operational processes that support D+H's ability to meet customer standards for quality and timeliness. Mobilizes resources to drive continuous process improvement and deliver on commitments to both customers and owners. Creating Innovative Industry Solutions: Contributes by using an entrepreneurial approach to develop new and innovative solutions that create value for D+H's customers and owners. Increasingly these solutions span across their service platforms and lines of business. Nurturing Critical D+H Relationships: Builds trust-based relationships through effective communication. Uses effective influence strategies and are able to develop mutually beneficial partnerships, both inside and outside the organization. Developing D+H's People to Build Capacity: Achieves business results by developing the people and systems required to execute their strategy. Works at the appropriate level and uses effective talent management to build capacity and the capability of the people who work with them. Leads change and operates at a level consistent with senior leader roles. Through actions and behaviors, lead D+H Values Additionally: Clear and concise client documentation including business requirements and configuration, configure and unit test CP to ensure a quality end-user experience. Timely and accurate administrative tasks including weekly timesheets and expense reporting in accordance with D+H policies. Provides configuration deployments of CreditPath application, configures application to meet business process and technical needs, assists in developing configuration and implementation plans, creation and maintenance of configuration documentation, operational procedures and guidelines, and identifying and documenting solution problems and recommended resolution, unit testing configuration, implements and manages configuration within CP, provides detailed configuration design and implements configuration, reads, writes and interprets detailed functional requirements and technical specifications Provides client training and facilitates client workshops, remains current on industry trends and best practices, enhancing product knowledge. Timely and effectively communication within project to manage risk and escalations ", "company": {"id": 22155, "name": "D+H"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Skills, Knowledge &amp; Experience Experience: + University degree or equivalent in an applicable technical or business area + Experience with software development lifecycles, and implementation of configurable software, including html + Experience with writing SQL queries and Javascript + Experience in a Professional Services client-facing role + Experience eliciting and documenting business requirements Skills and Knowledge: + Software configuration including HTML and Java Script + Strong Analytical and Quantitative Abilities + Knowledge of Commercial Banking, Lending Process, financial services industry + Professionalism when dealing with Clients + Strong Written and Verbal Communication skills, including technical specifications + A high degree of integrity and accountability along with strong collaboration skills + Strong knowledge of the full suite of MS Office products (including Visio, Project) + Travel to client sites required up to 50% ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 13, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Remote Canada or US", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 15, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "3", "name": "Associate"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Business Systems Analyst"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "J0813-0447", "expirationTimestamp": 1394918705000, "id": 11599471, "postingTimestamp": 1392326705000}