{"description": " Reporting to the Regional Vice President, the Director of Technology Services plays a strategic leadership role in the operational management of a team of 130+ consultants. With a vision for growth and a desire to mentor and guide other professionals, this person leads the continued development of Online\u2019s Central Region Technology Services. This is a fantastic opportunity for an experienced technology professional to provide leadership to a constantly advancing organization that has been one of Canada\u2019s \u201cBest Workplaces\u201d seven years in a row. ", "company": {"id": 165314, "name": "Online Business Systems"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Responsibilities:  Manage Technology Services operations in Online\u2019s Central Region, including recruitment, resourcing, and retention. Work with the Practice Leaders/Directors to grow and develop Central Regions\u2019 Technology Services; build and execute strategic plans for the practices, and communicate the plans to regional/senior management and to other practices and regions. Support regional management and administrative activities, including delivery oversight, Human Resources, compensation reviews, and financial management. Assist with day-to-day decision making with respect to consulting resource utilization and assignments. Identify resource requirements, including type and number of resources necessary to deliver against regional plans. Develop and execute retention strategies in collaboration with regional and senior management teams. Ensure that methods within responsible areas are current, usable and available to resources in a timely manner. Support Account Executives in managing client relationships, including maintaining open communications, establishing Online\u2019s credibility, assisting with ensuring visibility, promoting Online, looking for opportunities, and maintaining personal relationships with influencers at typically the director level and higher within client organizations. Support the Business Development team and Regional V.P. in determining strategic selling initiatives for identified accounts. Work with Account Executives to create collateral (including presentations, project profiles, whitepapers, sample deliverables, and marketing materials) for use in strategic selling. Oversee delivery management and delivery support within identified accounts where Online is delivering Technology Consulting services. Provide support in managing finances within the region, specifically for Technology Services. Provide support and input for the performance and compensation review processes within the practices. Support Career Mentors and individual consultants to provide career resources and guidance within the practice.  Requirements:  10+ years\u2019 managing people and technology. 5+ years\u2019 proven experience working in strategic and operational environments. 5+ years\u2019 experience working in an IT and business consulting environment. 5+ years\u2019 experience with Java and .net frameworks and the various approaches towards SDLC as well as Agile development methodologies. Demonstrated deep experience in leading architects in the business, operations, systems and data, and technology domains. Strong expertise in the design and development of enterprise technical solutions spanning multiple business and technical disciplines. Excellent verbal, written and group presentation skills, with the ability to present concepts to both executive leadership and technical communities. Proven teambuilding and conflict resolution skills with superior ability to resolve complex problems and issues. Effective in delegating and assigning activities with clear timelines. Hands-on technical management expertise when it comes to developing and managing project plans, estimates and implementations. Experience managing remote staff considered a plus. Experience managing consulting or outsourced vendors for development projects is a plus. Bachelors\u2019 degree in Computer Science, MIS, Information Management, Computer Engineering, or related discipline, or equivalent experience required. Advanced degree in a related discipline is a plus. \u00a0 ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 6, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Winnipeg, Canada Area", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 8, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Winnipeg, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Director of Technology Services"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1394299148000, "id": 11488996, "postingTimestamp": 1391707147000}