{"description": "Req ID: 17991-en_US Rogers is seeking a Web Analytics and Reporting Analyst to be responsible for the measurement, collection, analysis, reporting and communication of online data and performance results across consumer, business and retail sales and service websites. Reporting to the Manager, Analytics at One Mount Pleasant Road this individual will deliver insights that drive action through tracking, calculation, trending and reporting of online interactions and user experience resulting in concise, accurate and timely measures of business impacts that enable action to deliver Rogers strategic vision and mandate. The scope of this role includes key performance indicator (KPI) reporting for senior leadership and business stakeholders; ad hoc analysis; and, being a liaison between stakeholders with reporting needs and IT developers who implement web analytics tracking. Typical Responsibilities  Bring clarity and focus to a number of highly actionable and focused KPIs  Tracking, calculating, trending and reporting of online interactions, conversion rates and user experience  Demonstrated experience automating queries, report creation and distribution  Integrate with enterprise data for a complete customer view in order to profile, segment and optimize websites  Strengthen data visualization tools and technologies to present information for quick interpretation  Establish predictive analytics capabilities to explore data for strategic business advantage  Prepare dashboards for IT, business stakeholders and the senior management team  Through a thorough understanding of how marketing campaigns, pricing, content, creative and placement drives conversion rates, transactions and overall results, distill complex analytics into clear illustrations, observations and actionable recommendations.  Identify and highlight problem areas, patterns and trends from information gathered and communicates opportunities with actionable recommendations.  Experience using session replay tools (e.g. Tealeaf) and usability research together with web traffic trends and segmentation to identify opportunities to troubleshoot site issues and improve user experience  Develop reports that are relevant, clear, well-written and accurate.  Regularly conduct tagging audits and analysis to ensure the accuracy of reports.  Ensure stakeholders at all levels of the organization have the right information when they need it.  Contribute to the development of analytics standards by working with IT, Online Channels and stakeholders to identify gaps in the capture of data and implement enhancements.  Build an understanding of industry trends and best practices for stakeholders.  Work on multiple, unrelated reporting and analytics requests simultaneously.  Ensure reports align with Rogers strategic vision and mandate.  Experience &amp; Education  Undergraduate degree in Business, Marketing, Math, or equivalent work experience  Management-level business acumen.  3 - 5 years of reporting and analytics experience (online environments preferred)  Exceptional analytical, problem solving and strategy skills  Highly proficient with web analytics tools, preferably Adobe Digital Marketing Suite (formerly Omniture) and Google Analytics  Advanced Excel skills  Experience with SEO, PPC, Social Media and Mobile analytics  Ability to turn raw data into insights  Ability to use analytics to tell a story for decision makers  Ability to create clear, easy to understand visualizations (charts, graphs, etc) from complex data  Excellent communication skills and ability to interact with all levels, business stakeholders and technical resources  Intellectual curiosity and a strong willingness to learn  Natural curiosity in connecting data from various data sources  Ability to synthesize information into succinct, concise and logical summaries and reports  Ability to work in a fast paced environment and deliver on multiple tasks to tight deadlines  Strong leadership skills and great sense of teamwork  Ability to take ownership and accountability  Self-starter, highly motivated and can complete projects with minimal supervision  Familiarity with Kanban, Scrum and SDLC operations  Technical Skills  Highly proficient with web analytics tools, preferably Adobe Digital Marketing Suite (formerly Omniture) and Google Analytics  Advanced Excel skills, PowerPoint and Adobe Creative Suite  Familiarity with Tag Manager software and web development knowledge of HTML, Java script and JQuery.  Demonstrated experience with a variety of analytics, database and reporting software (i.e. Cognos, Tableau, Oracles, SQL, etc.)  Schedule: Full Time Shift: Day Length of Contract: Not Applicable (Regular Position) Work Location: 1 Mount Pleasant (083), Toronto, Ontario Travel Requirements: Up to 10% Posting Category/Function: Reporting and Analytics &amp; Analyst ABOUT US: What does it mean to join Canada\u2019s most dynamic communications and media company? It means working with the best and brightest to deliver innovation that makes a difference in the lives of Canadians. It\u2019s enjoying great work and even greater rewards. Working together, we make sure our customers stay inspired, informed, and in touch with advanced networks, powerhouse media brands, and technologically-advanced communications services. It\u2019s a thrill. It\u2019s rewarding. It\u2019s Rogers. Apply now for a career like never before.", "company": {"id": 232888, "name": "Rogers Communications Inc."}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 3, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Ontario, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 5, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Web Analytics and Reporting Analyst"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "17991-en_US", "expirationTimestamp": 1394012292000, "id": 11421694, "postingTimestamp": 1391420291000}