{"description": " Are you a student of the world? Are you ready to build your career, not just your r\u00e9sum\u00e9? Do you think the world can work smarter? IBM is looking for people to work alongside the best and brightest minds in the world to build a smarter planet. The following student position is a part of IBM Canada's EPIC (Employment Pathways to Interns &amp; Co-ops) Student Program. This position is only open to students registered in a Canadian University or College program, who have completed a minimum of 2 years of their degree or diploma program, and who must be returning to full-time study upon the completion of the temporary IBM work term. This Student Position resides in Markham and is a 12/16 month work term MDM - Quality Assurance Main Responsibilities include: In this role, you will work as part of the Master Data Management (MDM) Server Quality Assurance team, designing, developing, and executing test scenarios within a hightly automated environment. Tasks include but not limited to: Working with developers and Business Analysts to define test plans, test coverage matrices and corresponding test cases. \u2022 Executing test cases using both manual processes and automated test tools. Automating tests using shell script and Ant. Recording defects, providing sufficient detail to allow developers to correct. Producing defect summary reports, as required by project managers, during QA project cycle. Tools development to support QA activities and improve overall QA processes Experiences you can take with you: Take advantage of mentorship provided by senior team members to bring your skill set to the next level. These are examples of some of the experiences you can take with you from the internship: Test Concepts o FVT \u2013 Function Verification Test o SVT \u2013 System Verification Test o GVT \u2013 Globalization Verification Test Type of Testing: o XML Services o User Interfaces o Technical Testing Accessibility o Test Process: Test Plan, Test Case Creation, Test Automation o XML, SQL, Shell scripts, Ant o ClearQuest o Rational Functional Tester o Accessibility Test Tools: Windows Eye, JAWS Qualification: Shell scripting skills Knowledge in XML Experience working in a Windows/Unix/Linux environment Ability to learn quickly Proven verbal and written communication skills Proven problem solving skills Proven time management skills Proven team player/collaborator Programming skills in SQL is an asset Programming skills in Java is an asset. Understanding of testing methodology and automated testing is an asset Coop or internship program enrollment an asset What IBM offers you: 1. Work directly on product and services that affect our clients, while having access to cutting edge software technology 2. Work is challenging and rewarding 3. Access to obtain IBM Product Certification during work term 4. A casual dress code and flexible work hours, to ensure work-life balance 5. Future Blue - IBM\u2019s large student community that provides networking opportunities, sporting and social events. Students must apply to www.ibm.com/start in addition to their university job board (if applicable) in order to be considered for the position. It is highly recommended to include your transcript (official or unofficial) to complement your application. This role will involve working with technology that is covered by embargo Export Regulations. If you are a Foreign National from any of the following embargoed countries (Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria) on a work permit you are not eligible for employment in this position. Required  High School Diploma/GED English: Fluent  Preferred  Pre-University qualification  IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.      ", "company": {"id": 1009, "name": "IBM"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 4, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Markham, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 6, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "1", "name": "Internship"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "MDM - Quality Assurance - Internship (Markham, ON)"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "SWG-0634790", "expirationTimestamp": 1394096564000, "id": 11448117, "postingTimestamp": 1391504564000}