{"salary": "To be negotiated", "description": " Loblaw eCommerce is the team responsible for building and operating the online businesses of Canada\u2019s largest and most successful retailer. \u00a0We recently launched JoeFresh.com, a leading mobile-responsive experience aimed at delighting customers coast-to-coast.\u00a0 Today we are building on that platform and working towards launching other exceptional eCommerce businesses for Loblaw. \u00a0Based in downtown Toronto, we are an entrepreneurial, fast-paced, and collaborative team working \u00a0towards transforming the way Canadians shop.\u00a0 To achieve this goal, we are looking for talented and passionate individuals who want to solve challenging problems and make significant and lasting impact on Canadians.  Working from our new downtown office, you will report to the e-Commerce Technology Lead and will assist in building, improving and maintaining a world-class, multi-channel ecommerce platform. As a senior member of the E-Commerce Development team, you will lead, mentor and coach junior developers on the team, and/or participate in software architecture and systems integration decisions. This is a hands-on role where you will develop software across the full-stack of a multi-channel platform from HTML, CSS &amp; Javascript to server-side Java and application specific database tuning on Oracle. Responsibilities: Java Development on the hybris eCommerce platform Write server-side code for web-based applications, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly. Conduct code and architecture reviews. Front-end Development using CSS, HTML in a Spring framework Translate wireframes, creative design, and functional requirements into functional xHTML/ CSS / Javascript Develop JavaScript using standard frameworks (jQuery, Backbone.js, node.js etc.) Conduct and participate in design sessions and review design documents Lead and participate in service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis and system tuning. Profile eCommerce application to identify performance bottlenecks. Debug and refactor code as needed to improve performance bottlenecks. Some system administration of Linux, Apache, Tomcat and Oracle environments. Work with Loblaw IT teams to design and architect integration into Loblaw IT systems. Work together with external design and development agencies. ", "company": {"id": 164756, "name": "Loblaw Companies Limited"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar 5+ years of experience in software engineering. 3+ years experience in object oriented design and development in Java. 1+ years experience developing with the Spring Framework. Advanced skills using J2EE Frameworks and Libraries specifically such as Hibernate, JPA and JDO Database development skills including SQL programming, solid understanding of relational database technologies, logical and physical data modeling. Preferably on an Oracle database. Backend and Frontend/Web development experience with JSP, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, HTML, CSS Experience with web app servers, such as JBoss, Websphere, and Weblogic Experience using standard development tools, such as Eclipse, Ant, Git Experience developing SOAP and/or REST based web services Strong understanding of XML and JSON and how to manipulate using document based and stream based API\u2019s. Here are just some of the things Loblaw colleagues enjoy: 10% Colleague Discount Program on eligible products sold at Loblaw stores. Ongoing career development through in-house training programs, tuition assistance and support for professional designations.\u00a0 Sharing in the growth of Loblaw with our Employee Share Ownership Plan.\u00a0 Corporate rate fitness club memberships for colleagues as well as eligible family members.\u00a0 Helping you help others with our Volunteer Grant Program. ", "postingDate": {"year": 2013, "day": 27, "month": 11}, "locationDescription": "Downtown Toronto (King and Spadina), Ontario", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 25, "month": 6}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Java Developer, eCommerce"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1403717794000, "id": 9916222, "postingTimestamp": 1385573794000}