{"salary": "Salary, Bonus, Stock", "description": " The Ping Identity Automation Engineering Team is responsible for the development and maintenance of a test automation framework to support Ping Identity products. As a Senior Development Engineer in Test, you are not afraid to roll up your sleeves and tackle situations head on. You possess technical expertise in software design, programming, test automation, and QA processes. You and your team members will be supporting automation requirements from the product teams, designing and implementing a future automation framework and maintaining the existing automation framework. In addition, the Ping Identity Automation Engineering Team plays a leadership role in terms of gathering and disseminating knowledge to ensure that Ping Identity is consistently on the forefront of technology. All of this takes place in a flexible and supportive environment. At Ping Identity, you have the opportunity to shape the future by influencing the development of the product and your contribution will be recognized. Ping Identity is genuinely committed to promoting personal growth through ongoing training and development opportunities, as well as supporting work/life balance with flexible work options. \u00a0 At Ping Identity, a Senior Development Engineer in Test: \u2022 Functions as a solid individual contributor on a high output agile development team \u2022 Performs DevOps functions including monitoring and troubleshooting, identification of bottlenecks, and optimization of existing infrastructure \u2022 Designs, implements, and maintains test automation frameworks using a variety of Open Source projects \u2022 Collaborates with users of the automated testing framework to better understand and implement requirements. \u2022 Stays on the forefront of knowledge of the industry and shares that knowledge within the company ", "company": {"id": 21870, "name": "Ping Identity"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Essential Qualifications \u2022 Minimum of 3 - 5 years of Java development experience in Windows and Linux \u2022 Experience working in a high performance agile development environment \u2022 Experience with test automation frameworks Desired Qualifications \u2022 Self starter who likes to make things happen and has the ability to work closely and collaboratively with other team members \u2022 Embrace new challenges as the team grows and the number of services that require automated testing increases. This includes integration with new technologies, such as Mobile. \u2022 Support other teams, providing guidance and appropriate insights as to how the automation works. \u2022 Ability to multitask and work with minimal supervision \u2022 Experience in the following: 1. Linux administration experience and bash scripting 2. Application server (JBoss 7.1) administration 3. Familiarity with Ruby and Python 4. VM architectures 5. Automated tools for testing Mobile applications 6. Continuous integration using Jenkins/Hudson 7. Tools such as JUnit, TestNG, GIT, Perforce, Maven, Java IDEs, JIRA 8. Selenium Web Driver 9. Service oriented architecture using REST and JSON 10. Databases such as MySQL ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 18, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Vancouver, BC", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 20, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Vancouver, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Sr. Development Engineer in Test (SDET)"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1395357131000, "id": 11663994, "postingTimestamp": 1392765131000}