{"description": " City: Toronto  Address: 330 Front St West  Work Hours/Week: 37.5  Work Environment: Office  Employment Type: Permanent  Pay Type: Salaried  Exempt/Non-Exempt: N/A  % Travel Required: 0  People Manager: No  Job Posting End Date: 01/31/2013  Purpose:  Partners across IT and with assigned business line(s) to assess, research, and analyze business, technical and system needs in order to resolve business systems issues by recommending technology solutions that meet sponsor/stakeholder needs.  Context is small to medium development or maintenance projects (multiple functions, single application at one time). Emphasis is split between testing, technical analysis and design. All responsibilities carried out in accordance with Code of Conduct, RBC Values and Guiding Principles ensuring adherence to Privacy principles.  Primary Responsibilities:  Technical Analysis, Design &amp; Specification  Provides consulting services on new initiatives (small to large of varying complexity). Assesses, researches and analyzes business and system needs, exploring alternative options to recommend technology solutions and designs that meet sponsor needs and PLC deliverables including component reusability, data sharing and security. Develops proposals for senior management. Leads detailed design phases for small to large projects/ programs identifying, tracking and resolving technical issues. Prepares high level and detailed technical specifications for small to medium projects in accordance with PLC, security and architecture documentation objectives. Together with Project Manager, determines best mix of development, interfacing applications, third party vendor solutions to meet business requirements and project objectives. Contributes to successful project completion by identifying risks and developing/recommending mitigation strategies. Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of 3rd party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises. Provides input and co-ordinates with DBA in creating new and modifying existing database structures using different types of databases and recommending appropriate DB based on required functionality. Organizes and participates in walkthrough reviews of all technical specifications, programs and unit test plans.  Coding, Testing &amp; Documentation  Develops, codes, documents and executes unit test, system, integration and acceptance test using different languages and testing tools for functions of high complexity. Ensures adequate technical documentation and training.  Planning, Implementation &amp; Support  Develops detailed plans and accurate estimates for completion of build, system testing and implementation phases of project. Develops master distribution lists, implementation and contingency plans ensuring verification is performed. Manages joint development, testing and plans and co-ordinates implementations Performs database/disaster recovery for entire system in different situations. Performs performance tuning to improve performance over multiple functions. Provides on-call support of applications, database, etc. particularly more complex situations.  Relationships &amp; Communication  Develops criteria for and participates in the evaluation of 3rd party vendors and software as well as due diligence exercises.  Manages the detail aspects of day-to-day operations with 3rd party vendors.  Effectively communicates and builds rapport with team members, stakeholders and interface groups using a variety of techniques and collaboration from initiation to close. Facilitates small to large group meetings for technical design, problem solving, decision making and task implementation.  Prepares and delivers presentations to technology partners and senior management selecting the appropriate approach based on the audience. Resolves conflicts/issues and escalates others as appropriate .  Development &amp; Coaching  May act as a Project Lead Provides direction, expertise, feedback, coaching and development to build the capability of more junior staff.  Continually enhances skills and builds knowledge in all aspects of the organization, the business and information systems.  HOW TIME WILL BE ALLOCATED (percent):  - Level 1 Support activities of application \u2013 15% - Code Implementation/Code Review \u2013 30% - Managing Analysis &amp; Design of Development Stage \u2013 50% -Self Development \u2013 5%  Education/Experience (to enter position)  Professional with experience on applications with single functions  Systems Knowledge  Minimum 5 years of lead experience Minimum 3 years of UNIX development and configuration experience Minimum 3 years of Java and Eclipse experience Strong knowledge of WebSphere and preferably a WebSphere Admin Solution Architecture Experience Microsoft SQL NexJ Systems  Process Knowledge  Different testing tools (E.g. Expediter, File-Aid) Different design techniques (e.g. OO. Top-down, structured analysis, component-based design) and tools (e.g. Rational Rose).  Communication Skills  Facilitation Skills Presentation Skills Risk Assessment &amp; Quantification methodologies Conflicts and issues resolution and escalation  Business Knowledge  Business line(s)\u2019 business and technical disciplines  People Management Knowledge  Talent Management process (recruitment/selection, performance management, performance development/coaching, reward/ recognition)  Diversity:  Diversity in the workplace, one of our shared values, lies at the heart of our rewarding, open, supportive and inclusive work environment. We respect and respond to the many competing and evolving priorities in our lives so you can focus on what you can do best \u2013 put clients first.  EOE/M/F/D/V ", "company": {"id": 1808, "name": "RBC"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 20, "month": 1}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, ON", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 19, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Sr. Java, WebSphere Developer Lead"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "58824", "expirationTimestamp": 1395233109000, "id": 10626597, "postingTimestamp": 1390221908000}