{"salary": "To be negotiated", "description": " Loblaw eCommerce is the team responsible for building and operating the online businesses of Canada\u2019s largest and most successful retailer. \u00a0We recently launched JoeFresh.com, a leading mobile-responsive experience aimed at delighting customers coast-to-coast.\u00a0 Today we are building on that platform and working towards launching other exceptional eCommerce businesses for Loblaw. \u00a0Based in downtown Toronto, we are an entrepreneurial, fast-paced, and collaborative team working \u00a0towards transforming the way Canadians shop.\u00a0 To achieve this goal, we are looking for talented and passionate individuals who want to solve challenging problems and make significant and lasting impact on Canadians.  Working from our downtown office, you will report to the Sr Director, Technology - eCommerce and will assist in building, improving and maintaining a world-class, multi-channel eCommerce platform. This is a hands-on role leading a team of Developers within the eCommerce Team. You will also develop software across the full-stack of a multi-channel platform from HTML, CSS &amp; JavaScript to server-side Java and application specific database tuning on Oracle. Responsibilities: Manage the day-to-day activities of the Development team Motivate, coach and train team members in a manner that will exceed customer expectations Provide clear directions and guidance on technical issues to all team members Java Development on the hybris eCommerce platform Write server-side code for web-based applications, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly. Participate in code and architecture reviews. Responsive front-end Development using JavaScript, CSS, HTML in a Spring framework Translate wireframes, creative design, and functional requirements into functional xHTML/ CSS / JavaScript Develop JavaScript using standard frameworks (jQuery, Backbone.js, node.js etc.) Construct design documents and documentation to aid in maintenance and code reuse.\u00a0 Confirms program operation with testing; modifying program logic and performance tuning while guaranteeing quality assurance. Closely work with the Quality Control and Technical Communication team members to ensure high quality deliverables Provides input to status reports on the \u201chealth\u201d of the application. Provides support by ensuring stability of the application and addressing and resolving business issues in a timely manner. ", "company": {"id": 164756, "name": "Loblaw Companies Limited"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Previous experience in a team or project leader role within a development environment Exceptional team leadership skills with the ability to mentor and develop a team 5+ years of experience in software engineering. 1+ years experience in object oriented design and development in Java. Bachelor\u2019s Degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or similar Some experience developing with the Spring Framework would be preferred. Some experience with an eCommerce platform (hybris, ATG, Websphere etc.) would be preferred. Advanced skills using J2EE Frameworks and Libraries specifically such as Hibernate, JPA and JDO Database development skills including SQL programming, solid understanding of relational database technologies, logical and physical data modeling. Preferably on an Oracle database. Backend and Frontend/Web development experience with JSP, JavaScript, JSON, jQuery, HTML, CSS Experience with web app servers, such as JBoss, Websphere, and Weblogic Experience using standard development tools, such as Eclipse, Ant, Git Experience developing SOAP and/or REST based web services Strong understanding of XML and JSON and how to manipulate using document based and stream based API\u2019s. Here are just some of the things Loblaw colleagues enjoy: 10% Colleague Discount Program on eligible products sold at Loblaw stores. Ongoing career development through in-house training programs, tuition assistance and support for professional designations.\u00a0 Sharing in the growth of Loblaw with our Employee Share Ownership Plan.\u00a0 Corporate rate fitness club memberships for colleagues as well as eligible family members.\u00a0 Helping you help others with our Volunteer Grant Program. ", "postingDate": {"year": 2013, "day": 27, "month": 11}, "locationDescription": "Downtown Toronto (King and Spadina), Ontario", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 25, "month": 6}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Java Development Lead, eCommerce"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1403717887000, "id": 9913475, "postingTimestamp": 1385573886000}