{"description": "Req ID: 17837-en_US The Senior Mobile Developer of Technology Development will work collaboratively within the Application development center of excellence, a team of highly skilled, multidisciplinary Developers and Architects with passion for developing innovative applications and experiences across mobile, tablet, PC and TV screens. The Senior Mobile Developer will work with the Senior Solution Architect to develop a set of internal development libraries and guidelines which will be used across the organization and will also be provided to applicable Vendors.  Responsibilities  Gathers and analyzes business requirements and use cases from internal stakeholders for mobile and web applications.  Assists in identifying non-functional requirements, risk assessments, and providing assistance at all phases of a project from requirements to delivery.  Builds task lists and resource requirements for project builds to be shared and reviewed with the rest of the team.  Implements solutions using appropriate mobile technologies and creates unit test cases to verify functionality against specifications.  Works with cross-functional teams to produce and maintain internal and Vendor-facing documentation.  Provides application development support for mobile platforms, including regular maintenance and enhancements to these applications, web services and databases.  Provides support with respect to building and updating content as required.  Troubleshoots issues reported by Customers and debugs and implements code fixes as required.  Maintains up-to-date knowledge of related technology advancements and enhancements.   Qualifications  Post-secondary education in engineering, computer science OR equivalent experience.  Hands-on experience building mobile and tablet optimized user-experiences in HTML5, CSS3, and Javascript  Proven experience building iOS and Android applications  Hands-on experience using Xcode, Intellij IDEA or Eclipse  Intermediate knowledge of Objective-C, C++, Java  Expert working knowledge of OO Design Patterns.  Objective/critical thinker capable of refactoring code to achieve highest degree of optimization.  Possesses leading edge technical knowledge  Viewed internally and externally as a subject matter expert.  Strong analytical skills, extensive background in analyzing new and complex requirements and assessing both business and technical impact.  Attention to detail and a positive attitude  Excellent communication (oral/written) and presentation skills  Schedule: Full Time Shift: Day Length of Contract: Not Applicable (Regular Position) Work Location: 1 Mount Pleasant (083), Toronto, Ontario Travel Requirements: None Posting Category/Function: Technology &amp; Software Development ABOUT US: What does it mean to join Canada\u2019s most dynamic communications and media company? It means working with the best and brightest to deliver innovation that makes a difference in the lives of Canadians. It\u2019s enjoying great work and even greater rewards. Working together, we make sure our customers stay inspired, informed, and in touch with advanced networks, powerhouse media brands, and technologically-advanced communications services. It\u2019s a thrill. It\u2019s rewarding. It\u2019s Rogers. Apply now for a career like never before.", "company": {"id": 232888, "name": "Rogers Communications Inc."}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 27, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Ontario, Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 29, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Mobile Developer"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "17837-en_US", "expirationTimestamp": 1396086632000, "id": 11891721, "postingTimestamp": 1393494632000}