{"description": " We are looking for an exceptional individual to join our team of highly skilled developers. As the Senior Interface Developer you will drive the development and production of interactive, online design projects for our clients. From the outset you will be given a remarkable level of responsibility and the opportunity to use your talent to develop rich multimedia content and data driven web applications. The successful candidate will possess at least 5 years of industry experience as a user interface developer and hands-on experience within the interactive marketing and communications industry. Drawing on your exceptional organizational skills, you will be able to prioritize multiple tasks and manage your time effectively. You will be successful at functioning as a project leader and individual contributor on various projects. You will seek out the latest technologies and work to apply them in creative ways. Above all, you will possess exceptional communication skills and the ability to thrive in a fast paced collaborative team environment.\u00a0 \u00a0  Responsibilities:  Work with cross-functional team members to clarify requirements/deliverables, define functional specs, develop sound technical solutions and provide accurate level of effort estimates for new projects Develop prototypes and proofs-of-concept as needed during the planning and design stages of projects Develop, document, and unit-test new product features and bug fixes while ensuring compatibility in all supported browsers Provide coaching, mentoring and leadership to junior and intermediate team members Review peer written code and provide constructive feedback Maintain a desire to learn new technologies and work to apply them in creative ways ", "company": {"id": 6018, "name": "Nurun"}, "skillsAndExperience": " Education:  Bachelor degree in Computer Science (or related field) or comparable work experience.  Requirements:  Minimum 5 of years of experience in developing consumer-facing web based applications. Superior problem solving and troubleshooting skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to convey complex technical concepts in plain language. Ability to hand-code accessible, SEO-friendly web pages using semantic (X)HTML and CSS. Strong understanding of cross-browser issues and workarounds for older browsers including IE6. Expertise in object-oriented (native) JavaScript development, as well as DOM manipulation, jQuery, AJAX and JSON. Experience working with third-party web service APIs such as Facebook, Twitter, Google Maps, etc. Familiarity with web security vulnerabilities (e.g. XSS, CSRF) and prevention techniques. 1+ years of experience with JSP, JSTL, XSLT. Familiarity with Apache HTTP server and mod_rewrite. Familiarity with a source control systems (Subversion, Git, etc.) Experience in HTML5, CSS3 and jQuery Mobile is a plus. Experience in Java, PHP, Ruby, Python, MySQL, DB2 is a plus. Must have a sense of humour and the ability to handle oneself under pressure ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 25, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Canada Area", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 27, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Interface Developer"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1395926081000, "id": 11850495, "postingTimestamp": 1393334081000}