{"description": " Description Position Overview: As a Senior Business Analyst on the FFH Strategy Team within National Resource Strategy, TELUS, you are responsible for turning data into information. Your role will be to determine our customer\u2019s needs, translate those needs into a very brief proposal, perform the analysis required, document the results and provide recommendations. You are a proven thought leader who can combine your expert knowledge of Data Science and business analytics to drive actions and decisions. You are adept at working in a highly collaborative, high performing team environment where communication and strong values are key to success. Responsibilities:  The Senior Business Analyst will be focused on using analysis of large data sets to inform capital optimization decisions, customer improvement plans, define and build capabilities, and enhance revenue opportunities. This position will work closely with various TELUS Business stakeholders (Operations, Deployment, Technology Strategy, Management). Design and implement statistical data quality procedures for new data sources Visualize and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that appropriately provides insights to the organization Ability to communicate findings to business leaders in order to influence how TELUS approaches their business challenges and opportunities  Qualifications Required Knowledge: Experience in Project Management, Continuous Improvement or other team based activities (sports), that demonstrates an ability to collaborate, communicate and adapt to our high performing team culture Working with structured and unstructured data sets using the scientific method along with design of experiment techniques to propose, investigate and solve complex problems Propose Data Science solutions to improve our data infrastructure and access to critical information Perform hypothesis testing and develop predictive models Evaluate and provide input on potential business intelligence solutions Ability to apply statistical principles to data analytics Required Skills &amp; Abilities: Expertise in working with large, complex data sets from varying sources Highly motivated with the ability to work on a multiple projects simultaneously Team player, creative, entrepreneurial, willing to experiment, persistent and structured Expert verbal and visual communicator with senior level executives Highly proficient with SQL; Fluent programming in R, Python, and/or Java, SASS, SPSS Capabilities with Geo-mapping or Geo-Spatial Analytics Machine learning, artificial intelligence, and data mining algorithms Understanding of relational database design  Required Professional Designation/Certification: Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Engineering or other quantitative disciplines with a solid foundation in modeling, statistics, analytics and math Required Experience: Minimum of 5 years of hands-on data analytics experience in a matrixed environment Experience in a telecommunications industry is preferred .  Who is TELUS? We're a high-performing team of individuals who collectively make TELUS one of the leading telecommunications companies in Canada. Our competitive consumer offerings include wireline, wireless, internet and Optik TV\u2122. We also deliver a compelling range of products and services for small, medium and large businesses; and have carved out a leadership position in the health, energy, finance and public sector markets with innovative industry specific solutions. The TELUS team is as diverse as the society we live in and the customers we serve. We're also passionate about creating success for our customers, our shareholders, our communities and our team. And we do so by living the TELUS values and delivering on our Customers First commitments . Do you share our passion? At TELUS, you create future friendly\u00ae possibilities. At TELUS, we are committed to diversity and equitable access to employment opportunities based on ability.", "company": {"id": 1974, "name": "Telus"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 24, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "CA-BC-Burnaby", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 26, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Business Analyst (FFH Strategy Team)"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "PLA01460-13", "expirationTimestamp": 1395843126000, "id": 11835479, "postingTimestamp": 1393251126000}