{"description": " City: Toronto  Address: 155 Wellington Street W.  Work Hours/Week: 37.5  Work Environment: Office  Employment Type: Permanent  Pay Type: Salaried  Exempt/Non-Exempt: N/A  % Travel Required: 0-25  People Manager: No  Job Posting End Date: 11/01/2014  PURPOSE Enterprise Risk Technology provides technical support and systems development of our Capital Markets business in the area of credit, market and liquidity risk management. Enterprise Risk Technology is looking for a senior Java/J2EE developer. The candidate will be required to facilitate the development of applications required for the measurement of credit risk. The ideal candidate will demonstrate the ability to come up with independent ideas and work effectively within a global team to rapidly implement solutions and deliver production quality applications that are highly supportable and maintainable. All responsibilities will be carried out in accordance with Code of Conduct, RBC Values and Guiding Principles ensuring adherence to Privacy principles. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES  Relationships &amp; Communication  Effectively communicates and builds rapport with team members, stakeholders and interface groups. Facilitates small to medium size group meetings for technical design, problem solving and task implementation. Resolves minor conflicts/issues and escalates others as appropriate. Acts as subject matter expert in area of responsibility. Must have ability to effectively communicate with staff at various levels both internally and externally and at varying levels of technical/business knowledge. Leads by example, setting a high standard of integrity, work ethic, and quality.  Key Accountabilities  Using different techniques and tools, designs technical solutions that meet business requirements and project life cycle deliverables including component reusability, data sharing and security. Coordinates design phases for small to medium projects/programs, identifying, tracking and resolving technical issues. Organizes and participates in walkthrough reviews of all technical specifications, programs and unit test plans. Develops, codes, documents programs of average to high complexity using different languages. Writes unit test plans and provides coordination and support of testing using different tools. Continually enhances skills and builds knowledge in all aspects of the organization, the business and information systems. Keeps abreast of new technological developments, especially within the enterprise Java landscape.  Experience:  Required: Proven competence and knowledge in the delivery of highly complex projects. Required: Minimum 5 years experience in a development role. Required: Up to date understanding of application development technologies and programming languages. Required: Minimum 3 years experience with the Java programming language. Preferred: Experience within the Capital Markets industry and understanding and literacy of financial products.  EDUCATION In order to communicate effectively with fellow developers, analysts and risk managers: Required: University Degree, preferably in computer science, mathematics or physical sciences. Preferred: Completion of certification such as Canadian Securities Course or similar experience.  SYSTEMS KNOWLEDGE  Required: Knowledge of object oriented programming with Java. Required: Knowledge of middle tier Java development and experience with SOA technologies. Required: Familiar with and a proponent of unit testing with JUnit or similar tool. Required: Database and SQL knowledge (MS SQL Server, Sybase). Preferred: Knowledge of Unix/Linux OS, including shell programming. Preferred: Knowledge of Tomcat and web services. Strongly Preferred: Spring framework and Java Persistence API  WORKING CONDITIONS  Be prepared to work in a flex-hour position which may involve some evenings and/or weekends.  Diversity:  Diversity in the workplace, one of our shared values, lies at the heart of our rewarding, open, supportive and inclusive work environment. We respect and respond to the many competing and evolving priorities in our lives so you can focus on what you can do best \u2013 put clients first.  EOE/M/F/D/V ", "company": {"id": 1800, "name": "RBC Capital Markets"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 21, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, ON", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 23, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Java Developer (Capital Markets Technology) SOA, JUnit, SQL/Sybase, Linux/Unix, Tomcat"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "54847", "expirationTimestamp": 1395575242000, "id": 11809197, "postingTimestamp": 1392983242000}