{"description": " The role will be responsible for prototyping, designing, coding, and unit testing Java EE software applications. Creating and maintaining relevant documentation of the Java EE applications. The role requires senior-level knowledge of the Java EE application frameworks, development environments and experience working in an Agile software development methodology.\u00a0 \u00a0  Key Accountabilities :\u00a0 Responsible for developing and maintaining Java EE web-based applications including analysis, design, development and implementation. Translate business requirements into functional and technical specifications. Participate in system and application architecture. Responsible for creating system design and application maintenance documents. Develop tools and utilities as needed. Work with software testing teams and assist them in maintaining robust test scripts and test environments. Responsible for supporting the operations group in application problem analysis and resolution. Participate in rotating on-call support.  Key Working Relationships :\u00a0 Fraud Analytics and Countermeasure Group Operations Group Third Party Development Other IT Teams ", "company": {"id": 1328202, "name": "Interac Association"}, "skillsAndExperience": " University Degree in Computer Science Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience. Must have experience with Java EE applications. Minimum 7 years experience in similar role. Strong technical skills developing Java EE applications using frameworks and technologies such as EJB3, Spring, JPA, Hibernate. Experience using Java backend application frameworks and technologies such as Spring, JPA, Hibernate, XML, JDBC, JMS, SQL, JSF, Facelets, Servlets, JSP, Javascript, AJAX, CSS, Web Services, JUnit/TestNG, Ant, Maven. Groovy and Grails knowledge is a plus. A strong understanding of performance implications in relation to large data sets and the various approaches to mitigate. Excellent troubleshooting skills. Working knowledge of secure web application programming principles. Experience in Object-Oriented analysis and design. Full understanding of the software development life cycle. Excellent analysis and problem solving skills. Self-motivated and able to learn quickly. Able to keep pace with new technologies and to apply them appropriately. Good written and verbal communication skills, and an ability to interact with others in a team environment. Familiarity with Linux. Experience with performance and Load Testing tools (profiling tools). Knowledge of different browser, platform and design constraints. ", "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 19, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Canada Area", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 21, "month": 3}, "active": true, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Java Software Developer"}, "expirationTimestamp": 1395440761000, "id": 10828282, "postingTimestamp": 1392848734000}