{"description": "Join one of the fastest growing companies in high tech. Veeva is experiencing rapid growth as the market expands for industry-specific, cloud-based software solutions. A pioneer in industry cloud, according to Forbes, 'Veeva Systems is at the heart of two explosive megatrends: the cloud and life sciences.' We build innovative SaaS solutions that include CRM, content management and customer master data management for life sciences customers ranging from emerging biotechs to the largest global pharmaceutical companies. Read the buzz, see our videos and hear from our team about the innovation, people and life at Veeva. Are you ready to innovate, inspire, thrive, and shape the future of the industry cloud? Start your best career move here \u2026. Job Summary: We\u2019re looking for a high energy, passionate individual to be part of a team that delivers enterprise SaaS applications for the Pharma Life Sciences industry. If you have a passion for quality and is someone who likes to figure out how things work then Veeva has an opportunity for you! This is a great chance to be involved in releasing a high quality product built from scratch. You will take pride and ownership of key parts of the software and certify its quality and correctness before delivery to the customer. Responsibilities: Lead in testing automation efforts for the Veeva Network product stack; Define and choose automation frameworks and implement a testing strategy that is repeatable, reusable and flexible. Work with build and release engineers to run automation as part of builds and deployments processes Ensure that all project deliverables meet quality objectives in functionality, performance, stability, security, accessibility and data quality Create testing-related documentation, including test plans, test cases/scripts, and bug reports assessing quality and associated risk Participate actively in functional, system, integration and regression testing activities within project timelines Work with Software Engineers, Product Managers, and other QA Engineers in an Agile team environment Work closely with the automation group to automate features for better regression coverage Develop deep expertise in the product  Requirements: 7+ years of QA/Development experience Designed and developed test automation frameworks for data driven software products Working experience with API and/or UI automated testing tools Understanding of Software QA methodologies, tools and approaches (black box and/or automated testing) in a software company with short release cycles Experience in writing test cases and test scenarios that cover both sanity and in-depth testing including and not limited to boundary, negative, compatibility and concurrency tests Working experience with databases such as Oracle, Mysql, MSSql or other Creative &amp; ambitious person with a passion for excellence Strong interpersonal, relationship building/relationship management and facilitation skills Bachelors degree in Engineering, Math, Computer Science or equivalent Nice to Have: Experience in SaaS based Enterprise Software Experience with automated testing tools/frameworks such as Selenium and TestNG/JUnit Experience in Java, Python, Ruby or other object oriented programming language Experience with Atlassian products such as JIRA and Greenhopper is an advantage Pharma life sciences industry experience ", "company": {"id": 402048, "name": "Veeva Systems Inc."}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 23, "month": 1}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, ON", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 24, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Sr. QA Engineer (Veeva Network)"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "o76NXfwH", "expirationTimestamp": 1395642488000, "id": 10677781, "postingTimestamp": 1390458488000}