{"description": " Located at the Toronto, Ontario location, this position reports to the Development Manager, Product Development. Collaborating with the team, you will participate in the software development lifecycle including requirements analysis, design, implementation, unit test, defect resolution and documentation.\u00a0  Responsibilities:\u00a0  Provide guidance on implementation and design best practices to other developers Produce design artifacts such as class diagrams and sequence diagrams for Android lib features or client solutions. Implement product features within a team using best practices to meet product deliverables Refactor code to increase operating efficiency and extensibility and/or adapt programs to new requirements. Implements reusable unit tests to ensure the integrity of on-going product quality. Participate in Agile sprint planning sessions and provide constructive feedback Help the Product Management team with high-level estimation and clarification of technical implementation of features. Prepare software packages for deployment that adhere to the defined standard deployment policies. Generate product documentation for releases Mentor Junior developers throughout the development lifecycle  Qualifications  Education:\u00a0 Post-secondary degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent academic experience required. \u00a0 Experience &amp; Technical Requirements : Minimum 5 years experience designing and implementing enterprise grade software. Strong knowledge of Java for Android and familiarity with mobile development challenges Familiarity with Android API Level 8 and up preferred, Level 14 and up required Proficient in the use of SCM tools (SVN, git, maven, stash), best practices and continuous integration. Understanding of code obfuscation &amp; encryption techniques preferred Understanding of multimedia content delivery protocols such as HLS, Progressive download preferred Experience using media players on various mobile platforms A clear understanding of the difference between mobile product libraries, mobile applications and client-specific extensions Understanding of distributed multi-tier infrastructure.  Preferred Skills:  Proficient using UML (sequence, state, collaboration, class, use-case diagrams). Knowledge of design patterns MVC, Strategy, Factory, Singleton and general design considerations. Familiarity with Microsoft PlayReady Knowledge of performance improvement techniques as applicable to mobile devices  Soft Skills:  Easy-going and flexible individual who can integrate and function within a pre-existing team Self-starter can operate with minimal direction Excellent oral and written communication skills capable of leading design/architecture &amp; training sessions. A creative thinker and experienced problem solver. Proven multi-tasker ", "company": {"id": 22339, "name": "QuickPlay Media"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 20, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto, Canada Area", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 22, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "3", "name": "Associate"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Toronto, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Android Developer"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "RD2", "expirationTimestamp": 1395524231000, "id": 11699710, "postingTimestamp": 1392932231000}