{"description": " Bringing structure to the unstructured by unleashing the power of information OpenText Enterprise Information Management (EIM) technologies and business solutions allow organizations to take full advantage of enterprise information to gain better business insight, capitalize on opportunities to positively impact the business, improve process velocity, reduce risks related to information governance, and protect sensitive information and intellectual property from internal leaks and external threats. With growing volumes and a host of formats to manage and leverage, organizations need to bring structure to the unstructured. By doing so, they will be unleashing the power of information to drive faster decision making, improved agility, strong security policies, and an increased ability to both exploit the opportunities and control the risks of enterprise information. OpenText provides solutions across the entire range of core EIM capabilities \u2013 sophisticated, secure, high-value, and cost-effective \u2013 onsite, via mobile devices, private cloud, or in the cloud. As a Senior Software Developer you will utilize expert knowledge and experience to perform moderately/highly complex product design, systems analysis, research, maintenance, troubleshooting and other programming activities. You will also be involved in assisting other team members by providing guidance on complex tasks. Please note that we are hiring more than one Senior Software Developer at this time. Primary Duties: - Produce high quality code according to design specifications. - Detailed technical design of moderately/highly complex software components based on requirements. - Participates in software design/code reviews to ensure quality and adherence to company standards. - Mentor other team members. - Collaborate with other functional roles. - Provides status updates and escalates issues when necessary. - Actively participate in the software development process from design to release in an Agile Development Framework. - Using experience, knowledge and continuous learning, seek innovative solutions to complex software development and/or design concerns. Position Requirements - 5+ years of experience in an object oriented development role (HTML, Java, JavaScript, MySQL). - Computer Science or related engineering degree or equivalent experience and knowledge - Excellent analytical skills to troubleshoot and fix highly complex code defects - Extensive knowledge with developing and debugging software - Significant experience and knowledge with multiple development environments and tools - Significant experience in a wide range of relevant technologies/platforms/protocols - Excellent technical knowledge in software development methodologies, design and implementation. - Superior problem solving skills - Superior ability to learn new technologies quickly - Superior written and verbal communication skills - Strong collaboration skills - Ability to work in a team environment - Positive and professional attitude OpenText is an equal opportunity employer that hires and attracts talent regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, age, veteran status, or sexual orientation. At OpenText we acknowledge, value and respect diversity. We draw on diversity of thought and experience to reflect the rich array of cultures representing our broad global customer base. As a technology company, we can only be as good as the people who are part of our team. To that end, we seek talent with diversity of life experiences and perspectives from around the world! If you may require accommodation in completing the application process please email recruiting@opentext.com or call our toll free number 866-385-6847. If you are contacted regarding this position, please advise the interview coordinator of accommodation measures you may require during our selection process. Information received relating to accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially.", "company": {"id": 2709, "name": "OpenText"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 24, "month": 1}, "locationDescription": "Canada, ON, Waterloo", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 23, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior Developer"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "6597", "expirationTimestamp": 1395567234000, "id": 11201351, "postingTimestamp": 1390556032000}