{"description": "We are Guidewire Software, and we're perhaps the best company to work for that you've never heard of. Guidewire delivers proven, modern software to run mission-critical insurance operations, including policy administration, claims, and billing. Guidewire has over one hundred and fifty customers in six countries on four continents, including some of the largest insurance companies in the United States, Canada, Japan, Australia, New Zealand, seven European countries, China, and Russia. This is a lucrative and underserved market, and we have grown rapidly through a combination of quality products, excellent service, innovative technology, and word-of-mouth reputation. The applications we build are large and extraordinarily complex, and support the needs of customers across the diverse property and casualty insurance market including personal lines (such as auto insurance), commercial lines (such as those that support small and large businesses), and workers\u2019 compensation. We are looking for a senior software QA analyst to join a team whose sole purpose is to extend our core applications to accelerate the development of critical new product functionality that the market craves. As a key member of the Toronto Development Center, you would work closely with insurance experts, product managers and developers to clarify the requirements for features and document correct system behavior, including analyzing features during the design and development process to point out weaknesses or inconsistencies. You would then design and execute both manual and automated test cases to verify the functionality of the system, identify bugs, help developers reproduce errors, and ensure that defects are fixed. At Guidewire, we use Agile programming techniques, such as test-driven development, continuous integration and testing, and story-based iterative development to build better software and to build software in a better way. For most people in QA, this is a very different development environment than the typical process of \"throwing code over the wall\" for QA to test. QA analysts are part of the process with product managers and developers from the beginning and work in partnership to make sure that the code is high quality at all times rather than tested at the end. We have a work environment that encourages individual initiative, experiments with new ideas for continuous improvement, and lets great people do great work by minimizing the hassles of hierarchy and bureaucracy. You must be a self-starter and able to perform with minimal supervision while working in a diverse team environment, communicating effectively with developers and product managers. Requirements: Ability to work in Toronto with occasional travel to the US, specifically our headquarters in Foster City, California. 3+ years of software QA experience or equivalent experience with understanding in detail and finding flaws with software applications. Strong technical skills, such as an ability to understand basic SQL syntax for checking results in a database or editing XML configuration files Domain expertise in property and casualty insurance is a strong preference. Experience writing automated tests (not just record / playback) or programming experience with Java, JavaScript, or an equivalent language is a big advantage. Guidewire ranked sixth in Glassdoor's Best Places to Work for 2014 http://www.glassdoor.com/Best-Places-to-Work-LST_KQ0,19.htm Check us out at www.guidewire.com.", "company": {"id": 9624, "name": "Guidewire Software"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 19, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Toronto", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 21, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "4", "name": "Mid-Senior level"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Canada"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Senior QA Analyst - Toronto, Canada"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "oZQsYfwZ", "expirationTimestamp": 1395399906000, "id": 11673636, "postingTimestamp": 1392807903000}