{"description": "Our client is a leading provider of online and mobile payments and financial technology solutions to enterprise customers in Canada, the U.S. and internationally. They have an immediate need for Intermediate to Senior Java Developers to join their team. In this challenging role, you will have an opportunity to design, develop and document new software products and features, produce code within quality and coding standards, design and execute test cases for unit and feature testing, maintain, update and support existing software features and solutions, write and maintain technical documentation, effectively contribute to building the overall knowledge and expertise of the technical team, obtain a strong knowledge and understanding of software solutions, participate on project teams, participate in design reviews, provide time estimates for assigned development. As an ideal candidate, you have the following education, skills and experience: Post-secondary education in Computer Science or Information Technology 3 years+ experience with Java development. Experience developing highly scalable clustered JEE systems Fluent in J2EE Design Patterns, designing for enterprise-grade security, concurrency and effective session management Experience in developing APIs and integration with 3rd party systems, networks and applications Developing in Unix or Linux environments Web Application Servers, Oracle GlassFish is an asset MySQL database experience.is an asset Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) is an asset. Experience with O/R frameworks (EJB3 in particular) Strong testing, configuration and deployment skills Ability to work with limited supervision from broad specifications to develop or modify moderately complex software programming applications. Must be an effective and efficient problem solver Possess the ability to work effectively in a team environment, as well as independently with minimal direction. Must have strong interpersonal and communications skills including well developed verbal and written English Experience developing financial transaction applications is an asset. Are you up for this challenge? If so, please submit your most current word format resume and a separate cover letter describing your fit for the role to Oleg Myaskovsky. The right person can transform a business. If you\u2019re not right for this role, but know someone who is, please pass on this information to help them achieve their next career success.", "company": {"id": 3486, "name": "Hays Specialist Recruitment"}, "postingDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 27, "month": 2}, "locationDescription": "Canada", "expirationDate": {"year": 2014, "day": 29, "month": 3}, "position": {"experienceLevel": {"code": "0", "name": "Not Applicable"}, "location": {"country": {"code": "ca"}, "name": "Vancouver, Canada Area"}, "jobType": {"code": "F", "name": "Full-time"}, "title": "Java Developer"}, "active": true, "customerJobCode": "en-CA_ 1029441", "expirationTimestamp": 1396092278000, "id": 11894636, "postingTimestamp": 1393500278000}