Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) service offered by Amazon Web Services. We operate over 30 locations worldwide and provide advanced features such as latency-based routing (LBR), weight round robin (WRR), Amazon Elastic Load Balancing integration, health-based failover, and a 100% availability SLA. Smart traffic routing decisions are made in a split second at huge scale based on the code we write. As an Amazon Web Service, we believe in simple, reliable, and low cost systems that serve our customers' needs. We are looking for developers who are technically strong, take pride in tackling challenges, excel at working in an agile environment, and get excited about owning critical infrastructure services that serve customers globally every second of the day. Why you would want to work for Route53: bull; You will provide a service that is core to all modern Internet businesses. bull; You will be in charge of the complete software development lifecycle; defining, prioritizing, designing, building, and testing new features for Route 53. bull; You will operate an AWS business with globally distributed servers and customers. bull; You will own one of the lowest latency, highest throughput and availability services in all of AWS. bull; You will understand what it takes to grow and operate a global DNS business at our scale. *LI-NT1 bull; Bachelorrsquo;s Degree in Computer Science or related field. bull; 3-4 years of relevant work experience in software development. bull; Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design and analysis. bull; Fluency in C, C++ or Java. bull; MS or PhD in Computer Science or related field bull; Thorough understanding of Internet protocols such as HTTP, DNS, TCP, and UDP. bull; Experience building complex software systems that have been successfully delivered to customers. bull; Knowledge of professional software engineering practices  best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations. bull; Ability to take a project from scoping requirements through actual launch of the project. bull; Distributed systems, networking, web services design and implementation experience. bull; Experience working in Linux based environments. aws-sdesdm-na 