Ernst  Young's people in more than 140 countries are committed to operating with integrity, quality and professionalism in the provision of audit, advisory services, tax and transaction advisory services. We strive to help all of our people achieve their professional and personal goals through an inclusive environment that values everyone's contributions,appreciates diversity of thought, fosters growth, and provides continuous opportunities for development. Recognized as one of Canada's top employers, Ernst  Young continually strives to be a great place to work. We currently have a career opportunity for a Senior Staff in our IT Advisory Services group specializing in Test Automation in the Insurance industry. The individual will work directly with clients to transform their business challenges into technology solutions. The goal is to support our clients' efforts to make their business units more effective and efficient and, where required, provide services in connection with the development and implementation of technology solutions. Our experience is also important to the analysis of specific business requirements for alignment with technology architecture, technology infrastructure design, and vendor selection decisions that support the line of business IT organizations of our clients. This position falls within our IT Advisory team, which helps our clients enhance the operating effectiveness of Operations functions by assisting them as they shift their emphasis from transaction-level control, processing and reporting to more value driven, decision support and analytics. Responsibilities: - Defining and implementing the automation strategy for the practice - Building and implementing an extendable automation framework across multiple solutions and clients - Accountability for automation business development, project delivery, recruiting, solution development, and IP development in an anyshore model - Strong organizational skills and ability to handle multiple assignments simultaneously, supporting delivery and the testing practice - Building Automation centres of excellence including its standards, Processes, Procedures while providing organizational Strategy for the same. Qualifications Required Experience: - At least 3 years of experience in testing and automation - Experience with maturity assessments of automation capabilities - Experience designing and developing customized automation frameworks and scripts - Proven experience in managing complex automation projects - Proven experience in selling and implementing QA transformation Services based on client needs, such as: Consulting QA team restructuring Tools optimization Consolidation Developing end-to-end lifecycle testing frameworks with ROI, accelerators and project repositories - Test management certifications - Hands on experience with automation tools (e.g HP QTP, IBM Rational, Selenium, etc.) - Strong SDLC and Programming background (any or combination of the flowing: C#, C++, VB, JAVA, PERL) - Experience and understanding of software development, including waterfall and agile methodologies - Strong test data management experience and data conversion processes. - Exposure and familiarity with a wide range of technologies (preference for multi-tiered, distributed and packaged integration applications) and up to date with newer technologies such as Ajax, SOA etc. - Strong exposure and experience working in the Financial Industry. - Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of technical education and experience - Ability to Travel as required Ernst  Young is committed to diversity and equity. 