 University degree and/or equivalent work experience. At least 3 years experience developing and implementing applications targeted to mobile handsets. Basic knowledge of networking protocols and network management. Familiar with SDLC methodologies and comfortable working within their framework. Experience working with a significant aspect of a technology and contributing to its technical design and implementation. Working knowledge of EMV, ISO industry standards, Global Platform and familiarity with Key management hierarchies and public key infrastructure. Working knowledge of Payment switching, payment terminal and card applications, payment card personalization and credentials management. Strong knowledge of mobile technologies, operating systems and associated software development environments. Strong knowledge of the Android operating system and developing applications for Android. Experience developing applications that make use of radioing technologies ideally NFC and Bluetooth. Working knowledge of web services, open systems, 3-tier architecture and enterprise Java. Knowledge of emerging technologies such as NFC and smart card operating systems. Analytical and problem solving skills related to code logic, application interfaces, data abstraction, data transmission and user interface design. Design skills related to applying the appropriate technology to a particular business problem. Ability to help diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve application or specification related issues. Forward thinking that helps understand business requirements and that ensures overall architecture and solution meet stakeholder needs. 
 Interac Association and Acxsys Corporation own, manage and support a broad range of technology for commercial use. The technology has been built on diverse platforms as requirements, products, and technology has evolved. Under the direction of the Senior Manager of Card and Switching Technologies, this position will assist in the development and maintenance of all INTERAC and Acxsys payment specifications and the technologies used in delivering payment products. In support of development and delivery, this position uses their grasp of emerging technologies to accelerate key technology adoption and synchronization with relevant industry standards and trends. In supporting all specifications and technologies for today and in the future, this position also provides a point of contact for technical support in core technology assets.  Key Accountabilities    Architecture:  Key contributor to the enterprise architecture vision and strategy. Key contributor to the overall design and choice of technologies in the Interac Association and Acxsys Corporation payment technology, products and networks. Actively scans for and understands technologies that offer new opportunities and assesses their relative merits. Prepares specification documentation and technical papers, clearly describes technologies, and provides insight into decision making.  Technology Delivery:  Responsible for working closely with Product, Operations and Business Planning and Release to drive requirements into design. Specifically contributes to technology architecture, technical requirements and technical specifications. Works closely with application development and infrastructure teams in creating technical proof of concepts for new products and system enhancements. Key participant in creative lab exercises within the technology department. Participates in virtual teams of internal expertise in joint application development exercises. Contributes to the development and maintenance of product and systems development life cycles, ensuring that technology architecture and requirements are defined and considered steps in these lifecycles, across multiple methodologies. Develops technology specifications and maintains current specifications for Mobile NFC, EMV Dual Interface, IMN Application, E-Transfer, Cross Border services, and InteracOnline.   Support : Responsible for being a point of contact for operational technical support and payment product technical clarifications. Leads in supporting all payment product specifications, technical design documents, technical proof of concepts and emerging technology research. Leads in supporting the delivery of Acxsys mobile solutions from proof of concept to day to day support. Assists Acxsys customers with integrating Acxsys mobile applications and clarifying technical requirements.  Key Working Relationships  Mobile Payment Product  supports specifications and builds proof of concepts. Internal and External IT Teams  supports technology R&amp;D and helps align technology strategy. Card Payment Products  support specifications. Virtual Payment Products  build technology proof of concepts. Business Systems Release and Planning  clarifies technology constraints with respect to requirements. Operations  second level support on required specifications. 