  Bachelor degree in computer science, engineering, or a related discipline At least 8 years of experience in systems development with 5+ years in Internet environment. Excellent front end and backend development skills. Experience developing client facing, W3C standards compliant, web applications supporting multiple browsers and operating systems. Strong knowledge of concepts, practices and procedures of systems development life cycle. Familiar with Object-oriented concept, design patterns and best programming practices. Worked in an Agile environment. Excellent technical skills and experience with the environments and tools identified below.  Systems Environment:  Multi-tier web based solutions, wide variety of hardware and operating systems (Linux, AIX, Windows, etc), Oracle, MS SQL, Clearcase, GIT, JIRA.  Development Environment and Tools:  Java, J2EE, Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate, JDBC, SOA, XSLT, FLEX, JSON, CSS, XML, HTML, Web Services, Debugging tools, application servers(Weblogic, Tomcat), Apache, Linux, scripting tools and languages, Ajax, Java Scripts, Oracle, Eclipse, ClearCase, GIT, UML, Knowledge of modeling tools. Hailstorm for vulnerability testing and Fortify for code security scanning. 
  Design, develop, and implement software applications on a 24X7 web based client facing application. Work in a fast paced agile software development environment.  Responsibilities:  Perform technical design and create detailed technical documentation. Develop Unit Test framework and Unit Test Code. Develop and maintain application code. Participate in integration and regression testing. Implement security policies as set out by Teranet.  Interpersonal and Technical Skills  Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills in English. Must be able to take ownership and work independently. Self-starter with the ability to learn quickly, has good analytical and problem-solving skills. Must be a good team player with positive attitude. Able to meet tight deadlines. 