Work Environment:  Work is carried out mainly in the company office in Dollard-des-Ormeaux. The coop student will be part of the Engineering departments IT group and will work in cooperation with engineers of various disciplines. We also are opened to welcome new graduates interested in a 4 months internship Qualifications: Essential knowledge: #, VB, Java, .NET  of object-oriented development  Database knowledge (Microsoft SQL Server)  Assets: C++ ASP.NET &amp; IIS Subversion (or any other configuration management tool) JavaScript, Scripting Wonderware Bilingualism is also an asset. The candidate must be a team player, be autonomous and show initiative.    As part of our team, you'll build a strong career with a collaborative, knowledgeable team of people. We'll challenge you to think differently to achieve your goals. You'll have easy access to senior management, leading thinkers, and colleagues around the world. In addition to competitive salaries and inclusive benefits, we offer global career opportunities and travel to new places to inspire fresh, new thinking. We believe in rewarding and recognizing risk-taking and creativity. We also promote a healthy work-life balance as essential for your personal growth. Invensys is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer.  CONNECT WITH US!   Check out our CAREERS Page  
 Coop-Internship - Software Developer    Invensys   Invensys is a global technology company that works in partnership with a broad range of industrial and commercial customers to design and supply advanced technologies that optimize their operational performance and profitability. From oil refineries and power stations to mining companies and appliance manufacturers, our market-leading software, systems and controls enable our customers to monitor, control and automate their products and processes, thereby maximizing safety, efficiency, reliability and ease of use.  Our lines of business are grouped into four business segments: Software, Industrial Automation, Energy Controls and Appliance. You may recognize our market brands, such as Triconex, Wonderware, Foxboro, Ranco and Eurotherm, among others.   Invensys works with:   23 of the top 25 petroleum companies   48 of the top 50 chemical companies   18 of the top 20 pharmaceutical companies   35 of the top 50 nuclear power plants   All of the top 10 mining companies   7 of the top 10 appliance manufacturers    Invensys enables:   20% of the world electricity generation   18% of the world crude oil refining   37% of the world nuclear energy generation   62% of the world liquefied natural gas production   23% of the world chemical production     Coop Student's Role:  We are seeking an intern for our Systems Integration and Information technology department. The training offered will allow students to participate in various stages of application development and to become familiar with the software development process used within an engineering company.  In general, the student will contribute in the development of applications in projects for clients. Students may also be asked to work on projects and internal tools. In some cases, the student will program new applications and in other cases, enhance existing applications. These applications can be connected to Foxboro systems or other types of applications (Web, Windows service, scripts, etc..) which will become a part of the systems supplied to customers.  