 Minimum of 5 years of digital TV product domain. Thorough knowledge of digital distribution technologies and other relevant technologies Thorough understanding of the complete development life cycle with Agile, and a demonstrated competence in software system design Thorough knowledge of front end web development tools including JS, HTML, PHP and CSS Thorough knowledge of Java and Spring Technology Thorough knowledge of MySQL and Data Architecture Thorough knowledge on User Interface Design, HTML, HTML5, JQuery, JS, CSS Good understanding of Content Management or Workflow applications desired. Good understanding of Content Security, security, encryption and key management Good understanding of strategic business strategy. Understand the market and customer trends. Good understanding and experience of working in an agile (scrum) working environment. Excellent (English) communicative skills in presentation, negotiation and writing Ability to work independently with third parties Strong creative skills Able to work on multiple projects in parallel Good knowledge of IP standards and network protocols Degree in the field Information Technology or Electrical Engineering. Highly self-motivated person able to drive projects forward without detailed guidance 
 The system architect function requires an all-round generalist who creates architecture and software designs for content protection technologies, operating in the fields of multi media, communications and broadcasting technology areas. The system architect has a background in software development and is responsible for identifying the business value drivers affecting the system design, and for partitioning and maintaining the structure of the system to deliver this value. Additionally, the role includes participation in industry forums, and  in the development of Intellectual Property and the development of patents to protect Intellectual Property. The system architect functions in a world-wide team of architects, enabling cross-product line interaction, knowledge sharing and common shared platforms and technologies. The team handles all architectures and designs implemented by multiple development teams in an agile environment, for all different product lines of Irdeto, like Conditional Access, Watermarking, Key Provisioning systems, Rights/Multiscreen and Core Technology. The system architect position in Ottawa will focus on the Rights&amp;Multiscreen server architecture and must have thorough knowledge on front end web development tools (JS, HTML, PHP and CSS), Java and Spring technologies, LAMP, Linux, MySQL and Data Architectures and User Interface Design, HTML, HTML5, JQuery, JS, CSS.  Primary responsibilities:  Maintain the consistency and integrity of the Irdeto system architecture through the product lifecycle to ensure it continues to deliver the required business value. Produce enabling specifications for new features or products Define and maintain interface specifications between internal and external system components Resolve and clarify technical objectives of the requirements, by ensuring the correct technical choices are made and by taking a system wide view. Act as a consultant to the development teams by providing expert knowledge on software design practices, and recommendations for component architectures based on the system and business perspective. Understand what the developers want and need from the architecture and mentor and coach them in the value of the architecture and how they use the architecture successfully Support customer facing functions with clarifications on the evolution of Irdeto architectural technology, as well as in cases of complex architectural customer environments. Contribute to a sustainable long term technology strategy by modeling solutions and performing trade-off analysis. Assist in the development of strategy by participating in industry forums and standardization bodies. Convert the business strategy into a technical vision and strategy. Make the technical vision clear and unambiguous to the organization, ensuring that it is communicated clearly and often. Assist in the identification of potential patents, and in development of patent applications. Guide brainstorm sessions with other senior engineers. 