 Knowledge, Skills and Capabilities Required to Perform the Job:      in Computer Science, Engineering or other scientific degree  years experience in software development on OS X and Linux  developing media playback software and codecs  with audio and video standards  with the Android platform generally, and its application development environment  with OS X as a platform for authoring media content.  with current Software Engineering best practices including Agile development (SCRUM), bug tracking, source code revision control and continuous integration  to think at different levels, get the  picture as well as the details, understand a software product from top to bottom and propose elegant solutions to problems  Pluses:      developing iOS, Android and Windows applications  developing plugins for ProTools  with Git, Gerrit and Jenkins  experience with HTML5 and JavaScript  architecting or refactoring software systems  with the field of haptics and force feedback 
 Immersion Corporation brings human touch to the user experience through touch feedback  known as haptics  that allow people to experience rich tactile sensations when using digital devices. Our technology has broad consumer appeal and is licensed to product manufacturers and application developers in the mobile, gaming, automotive, consumer electronics, industrial and medical markets. Immersion partners and licensees include industry leaders like Samsung, LG Electronics, Sony, Microsoft, Logitech, and ALPS.  Do you want to lead development in trending technologies in content and media authoring tools? Are you fascinated by the latest mobile device technology? Are you a creative thinker, eager to implement your ideas and build on the ideas of others? If you answered yes to these questions then you will be interested in joining our team.  Position Summary:     Immersion, the leader in haptic touch feedback, is seeking a senior software developer who is motivated, resourceful and creative to drive product solutions using our patented haptic technology for mobile media content. Reporting to a local software manager, you are expected to be a proficient programmer well-versed in Java, C and C++, with experience in application development on Android, iOS, OS X, Windows and Linux.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities (other duties may be assigned as business needs require):      media authoring technologies and codecs  and maintain cloud-based content delivery networks  platform-independent haptic APIs  and maintain applications, services and tools for mobile operating systems  legible and useful documentation to describe how to use haptic APIs  prototypes, proofs of concept, and implement them under tight deadlines  other software developers as the need arises 