 General ERP Experience/Knowledge Required : 7-10 years of related experience deep technical skills BS Computer Science or related field, MS a plus End-to-End hands-on design, development and implementation experience with wide and deep skills in extraction, modeling and reporting Support experience and working in remote teams would be a plus Previous experience in technical project leadership role Ability to work independently with minimal direction Ability to communicate to a wide variety of audiences, both business and technical. Understands the financial implications of the project (i.e. software capitalization, Cost/benefits, etc.). Strong decision making abilities Ability to lead and mentor others Retail experience would be a plus Basis/DB/Portal/Security experience would be a plus. Episys experience would be a plus ClearCase (or similar source control software) Sufficient knowledge of software packaging to be able to work with the packaging team Past configuration experience with COTS software Good working knowledge of DB2 and Unix (AIX) JavaScript Apache Tomcat experience Performance tuning    Specific Epysis or similar Applications Responsibilities  War file deployment  package installation using Client's process in QA BPA and planogram deployment Run BPA/Planogram in QA as needed Restarting QA grid or MQ listener as needed Database inquiry for production or QA issues, Working with Episys vendor to provide information, logs and details as needed for development to production issues Performing application testing and verification (Episys , First phone , SAP as required) Adapt to changes in procedures and process based on the client's policies Working in HPQC to update and follow test cases as needed for project Ability to do root cause analysis and investigation of application issues Functional validation and verification of the issue, ability to identify if they are actually issue and not Familiarity with general network and system infrastructure, to provide help in system/network related issues  
 Position Purpose : Responsible for support of the Production, QA and implementation of the Episys or Similar applications. Provide Functional and development activities in support of Episys and associated systems. Responsible for developing optimal technical designs that fit with the overall architecture strategy, best practice guidelines and meets all business requirements. Present an excellent understanding of the entire project life cycle. Ability to participate along with project teams in the requirements and gathering, designing, and development of complex applications/programs.  Position Responsibilities : View software packages, products and define, prioritize, plan and implement solutions across Episys or Similar application. Comprehends and apply established processes, policies standards and procedures. Provide status reports to Manager and review boards on complex development projects Ensure compliance and conduct appropriate test reviews as necessary. Work closely with architects to ensure proper system design Present ideas to management Ensures highest quality implementations from design through QA to production View packages and products to determine their viability within the solution being considered, or if they would be a good solution in other areas.  