 6 to 8 years of experience developing Java applications; Experience coaching and mentoring less experienced developers Excellent knowledge of Java, Spring, Hibernate and the J2EE web specific api's (JSP, Servlet, JSTL, ...) Experience developing RESTful services and service-oriented architecture; Familiarity with Agile methodologies and agility in adapting and using them; Experience with iterative and incremental development; Knowledge of relational databases such as MySQL and data modelling; Bilingual (French and English); Resourceful, enthusiastic and passionate about technologies. Have pragmatic outlook and more specifically, you don't like things like AbstractFactoryBeanSingletonFactoryAdaptor; Strong team-player 
 We are looking for a Senior Java Developer to join our development crew. The candidate we are looking for will be talented and a good fit with our existing team. To fit in means to love working as part of a team, being at ease in a relaxed environment, and not expecting a process to take care of every situation. It also means being comfortable dealing with the Product Owner and the Q.A. Team.  Main Responsibilities  Ensure solutions meet requirements, and are developed with a high standard of quality; Use the best practices we've identified as being important to us. This means using Crucible to participate in code reviews; use JUnit and Sonar to ensure code quality and test coverage; apply continuous integration with Jenkins; organize retrospectives; use Confluence to produce system documentation for our operations team and internal documentation; Collaborate, propose and help implement solutions for continuous improvement), Use JIRA and Greenhopper to maintain a backlog and report on daily progress;  Identify and raise any red lights. Work collaboratively with other development teams and the Quality Assurance, Product Management and Operations teams to deliver products that meet expectations; Coach and assist less experienced team members; All other related tasks. We have a work environment that is flexible and works for you. Benefits include competitive salaries, a benefits package as well as a retirement savings plan. There are also a few other perks such as fruits baskets, free coffee, a foosball table and even summer BBQs on the roof terrace. team consists of talented, passionate professionals that are committed to the evolution of our company. We don use Gantt charts, but we do use burn-down charts. We also do code reviews, unit tests, automated builds, retrospectives, stand up meetings and other stuff that matters to those concerned with code quality and continuous improvement. 