 Requirements:  Post-secondary degree/diploma in graphic design from a recognized art/design School Minimum 5 years of experience in print and web graphic design Strong typography, design, and production skills Extensive knowledge of Mac environment: InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Flash, MS Office Understanding of CSS, Javascript, and HTML Knowledge in optimizing images for web (optimal file sizes, file formats, etc.) Web design experience an asset Merchandising experience an asset Photography experience an asset    Competencies:  Possess good understanding of industry trends and can share innovative insights Effective communication skills with individuals at all levels of the organization Able to work efficiently as a part of a team as well as independently Strong analytical skills and attention to detail Able to work well under pressure and meet set deadlines Good organizational, time management and prioritizing skills Excellent written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills Ability to solve problems  Attributes:  Organized Detail Oriented Thorough    Working Conditions:  Office environment Occasional overtime as required 
 You a senior designer with a great eye and understanding of industry trends who has innovative insight. With skills in typography, layout and information design for both print and web, you have the ability to produce exceptional work under demanding deadlines. If this is you and you love being a part of a creative team that produces exceptional work, Anatolia Tile + Stone may be for you.    Reports to: Creative Manager and Sales &amp; Marketing Director  Key Accountabilities (Summary):   The Graphic Designer will be responsible for producing graphic art and visual material layouts for print, product packaging, photography, and creation of any other pieces to meet the marketing objectives for the company. There will be an emphasis on the website development and maintenance.   Major Activities Include:   1) Update, design, and create brochures, advertisements, internal documents, and other marketing materials; 2) Regular updating of the company website using basic skills such as html, css, java script. 3) Creating rich web graphics, icons, templates and marketing related materials. 4) Designing mock-ups and translating them into clean and functional on the website. 5) Develop concepts and themes for marketing materials; 6) Take an innovative and creative approach to web and print design; 7) Ensure that branding guidelines established by the company are respected; 8) Sources photos and images for projects; 9) Collaborate with sales and marketing team to complete projects; 10) Design internal communication materials to support HR initiatives such as event posters, company weekly newsletter, and internal company intranet site.  