 We at SHIFT pride ourselves on using the latest and greatest technologies viable as a commercial solution.  skills and technologies for this position may include. 5+ years in developing Java applications Analytical and problem solving capabilities Strong oral/ written communication skills Must be able to work independently Good level of understanding and practical application experience of various JEE frameworks such as Spring, JPA, Hibernate, Web Services, XML, JSON Solid understanding and practical experience with Relational Databases such as Postgres Solid understanding and hands-on knowledge of Glassfish and/or other application servers. Hands-on experience with utility tools such as Netbeans, Jenkins, Maven and Subversion Experience with various linux operating systems such as CentOS and Ubuntu Knowledge and/or experience with BACnet, Modbus and other building control systems would be an added benefit. 
 We are looking to expand our team through the addition of a senior resource who will contribute new practices, ideas and overall innovation like the rest of our development team.  is a growing company that uses agile development practices to rapidly build and deploy quality solutions in partnership with our customers.  such, the ideal candidate will be willing to work at many levels - sometimes providing architectural oversight and leadership for more junior team members - and other times doing "hands on" development and delivery.  you are looking for a place to teach, learn and be part of solving the energy crisis, please read on.  Specific responsibilities may include. Design and develop software applications Ensure conceptual integrity by being consistent with overall system architecture Leads and follows adopted design/ development methodologies, patterns and tool sets Ensures a quality outcome by developing effective quality assurance tests Takes responsibility and initiative and completes application development on-time by coordinating requirements, schedules, and activities Active team player with good communication skills contributing to team success Ensures code maintainability by developing clear, concise system documentation Provides mentoring to more junior development resources and "gives back" by ensuring their growth. 