 The ideal candidate will have:  An undergraduate degree or college diploma in a relevant discipline (e.g. Computer Science) Demonstrated experience with systems analysis, AODA compliant webpage design and development against a database Demonstrated working knowledge and ability to design webpages Proven ability to utilize current development tools (VB.Net, ASP.Net, SQL, HTML, Jscript, Java etc.) Working knowledge of SQL servers Demonstrated knowledge of Microsoft desktop products Proven ability to troubleshoot software problems Excellent written, oral and interpersonal communication skills and the demonstrated ability to interact effectively with a diverse population at all levels Excellent organizational skills and ability to prioritize workload in a fast-paced environment with changing deadlines Strong judgement, analytical and problem solving skills Demonstrated ability to remain current with development and database technologies and relevant emerging technologies Knowledge of SharePoint development (an asset) This position includes full comprehensive benefits coverage, including tuition waiver. Applicants are invited to apply online by selecting the Career Opportunities (Administrative-Professional Staff) section ( AP 06/2014 ) of Brock website at brocku.ca/hr and attaching a resume and cover letter, including salary expectations, by March 13, 2014.    It is Brock University policy to give consideration to qualified internal applicants.    We appreciate all applications received; however, we will contact only those candidates selected for an interview.  Brock University is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusive, barrier-free recruitment and selection processes and work environment. We will accommodate the needs of the applicants and the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process. Please advise the Human Resources Department to ensure your accessibility needs are accommodated through this process. Information received relating to accommodation measure will be addressed confidentially.  *The salary range indicated is representative of all positions evaluated at this level. Actual salary is determined by examining related skills, experience, budgetary restrictions and both internal and external equity comparators.  
  APPLICATION DEVELOPER  APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT, INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SERVICES    TERM FULL TIME (12 months)  2 Vacancies  With Possibility of Renewal  (Job Group J)  Salary Range: $40,487 - $59,854 per annum* (effective July 1, 2013)    Why Brock? Our unique philosophy takes students beyond the pursuit of academic excellence. To achieve this philosophy we endeavour to take our employees beyond the pursuit of just a career. Brock is a place where left-brain and right-brain thinking come together. We encourage our employees to utilize their rational/analytical thinking in concert with their emotional/creative sides in order to have an engaging and rewarding career. We one of the fastest-growing universities in Ontario, with hundreds of millions of dollars committed to new construction and programs. We small enough to be intimate and big enough to attract world-class minds. Located at the centre of Canada's beautiful Niagara Peninsula, Brock offers an exciting work environment with strong undergraduate, graduate and interdisciplinary programs and a vigorous research culture. We are looking for qualified people who will bring their expertise and dedication in support of the University goals and objectives.  The Opportunity Reporting to the Senior Project Manager, the Application Developer provides web based development for University administrative systems, including registration, student records, finance, Human Resources, payroll, alumni and other systems.  Duties and Responsibilities  Developing new web pages and stored procedures Working with the Business Analyst to understand the requirements needed for each project Developing the page as designed with the appropriate validation checks Updating security with the new page information Adhering to version control procedures to ensure recoverability of all pages and stored procedures Maintaining and enhancing existing systems Modifying the existing program to provide the enhancement requested Providing time estimates for development and adhering to agreed upon deadlines Providing regular updates to the Business Analyst, advising of any changes in estimates as they occur Testing and debugging all programs and webpages Identifying problems to be aware of to aid other developers, improving productivity; Developing an understanding of the business requirements for programs being developed or enhanced Working towards an overall understanding of the application, using the Business Analysts as mentors Offering suggestions for improvements to system designs Investigating software issues and analyzing what technical solutions are possible, and recommending and implementing solutions where possible Understanding and adhering to all applicable policies, procedures and standards as set out by the development team to ensure consistency in all programming Completing all documentation and work tickets as required 