  Have Skills and Qualifications : Experience with N-Tier applications and high performance, high volume websites Fluent and current in Java Proven software development technical leadership experience Ability to interact effectively with clients to define user requirements and application architecture Attention to detail Bachelor's Degree in one of: Engineering, Computer Science, Physics or Mathematics or equivalent education/experience   to Have Skills and Qualifications : Experience and expertise in Capital Markets, Risk, and Foreign Exchange Exposure to and enthusiasm for Agile approaches to software development i.e. testing, continuous integration, project rooms, pair programming, etc. Fluent and current in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Ajax, jQuery and JSON Fluent in UNIX, Linux, W3C technologies, including HTTP and XML Masters Degree/education in a creative or non-technical discipline Diverse outside interests 
 Intelliware is a trusted partner to many of Canada largest and most respected financial institutions. Our Financial Services Practice is rapidly growing and we looking for experienced technical leads/architects who have worked in the financial industry. Backgrounds in Capital Markets, Risk, and Foreign Exchange are beneficial, however our roster of clients operate in all major sectors of the financial services industry.  At Intelliware, you have the opportunity to be part of a top-notch team and work on a wide range of complex custom software solutions. We have a collaborative team-based Agile environment with dedicated project rooms where you find learning opportunities and challenging work. Our project teams work closely with client subject matter experts, end users and IT teams to deliver anything from Proof-of-Concept prototypes to bulletproof, long living, high volume production applications.  While working within a team in an Agile environment, you will be: Providing technical leadership, clarity and direction for the development team Facilitating design/architecture discussions Designing high quality applications that are highly scalable and extensible Estimating, tasking and prototyping Contributing clear and maintainable code to a shared codebase Collaborating with cross-functional team members on features, design and implementation Investigating, learning and applying new technologies/processes Clarifying requirements with team and client representatives Managing communications with senior management and clients specifically related to project scope and technical solutions Developing and presenting architectural roadmaps Mentoring team members to help develop their technical and leadership skills  Our core development is Java-based with a focus on open source technologies. We also employ a broad range of front-end and mobile technologies for our various client engagements. 