 Minimum of a three (3) year diploma or degree, preferably in Computing Science, Programming and Analysis, or related education. Minimum five (5) years experience in analysis and programming. Expert knowledge of the following: Java, Java script, web services, HTML/HTML 5, SharePoint, SQL, Oracle Knowledge Unix and Linux environments, and Java application server. Demonstrated knowledge in XML, and mobile device applications considered an asset. Knowledge of project management, and change management techniques required. Experience with PeopleSoft would be an asset. Ability to understand and efficiently apply complex analytical techniques of the highest order to business problems; demonstrated in-depth knowledge of structured and object oriented programming techniques and requirements. Well-developed interpersonal, customer service and communication skills (verbal and written) to interact effectively with multi-cultural/racial/able students, staff and the public are required. 
 Reporting to the Manager, Software Systems, the Senior Programmer Analyst develops computerized business solutions for the College enterprise and administrative systems through the application of system analysis and programming techniques.  Specific Accountabilities:  Responsible for the intake of system development requests; performs analysis activities to determine new application, system, logic and programming requirements and establishes the processing required in achieving the solution. Responsible for problem resolution, requires designing the logic and procedures for new and/or existing programs, adopting known analytical techniques and possibly developing new information to address various situations and issues. Understanding and analyzing the effectiveness of existing systems and performing analysis activities in order to determine new applications and logic requirements. Develops and codes programs to fulfill specified requirements and effect changes as required. Designs testing procedures and maintains documentation for programs which the incumbent writes and/or modifies. This documentation may include user and/or operational instructions. Assists with implementing developed system solutions. This includes assisting in training and user-testing. Interfaces with users in a support mode, answers user questions and resolves programming issues. Leads small projects, maintains the College system and database structure information. Performs other duties as assigned.  CONTRACT DATES:  As soon as possible to October 31, 2014 HOURLY RATE RANGE:  Payband J - $34.82 - $40.37 hourly (Start rate $34.82) HOURS:  37.5 hours per week, Monday to Friday, 8:00 AM to 4:30 PM (overtime as required) 