 Requirements:  A University or College Degree in Computer Science or IT  A minimum of 2-3 years of relevant business experience in a similar or progressive role  Strong IT and business background, extensive knowledge of Syntax  Proficient in Microsoft Office suite  An understanding of various technologies, relational database principles, client/server infrastructure, and n-tier architecture concepts  Proven experience and expertise in planning and managing complex systems projects from inception to implementation  Previous experience or working knowledge of Digitization planning and strategies  Bilingual English\French in both oral \written would be an asset.  Previous AS/400 experience would be an asset.  Experience with Web technologies such as HTML, Flash, Java would be of benefit. We offer:  Competitive salary, benefits and pension packages  A stable and safe work environment  Opportunities for growth and development  Employee bonus plan  When applying for this position, please type  Systems Manager in the subject heading of our email.  Please visit www.nedco.ca for other career opportunities.  We thank all candidates for their interest. However, only those candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. 
  Responsibilities   The successful candidate will work with Business Systems &amp; Department Managers and all Nedco Divisions across Canada to ensure timely execution, implementation and consistency in the following key functional areas:  Information Builders (IBI)  Based on divisional and national requirements, develop and implement standard Business Intelligence reporting utilizing data marts and co-ordinate training for all Nedco users.  E-Commerce  Work with Nedco suppliers and its Divisions to establish, develop and support all E-Commerce activities related to the needs of our customers. This includes but is not limited to marketing activities related to the Nedco website. In this role, you will be the liaison between the Rexel Canada web development team and the Nedco teams, communicating and exchanging information to the respective parties. Will provide or facilitate training as required.  Syntax ERP  In conjunction with Rexel Canada and Nedco Canada Head Office, establish and implement all Nedco standards with respect to constants and procedures. Interface with the BSM of each Division on a regular basis to educate, evaluate and support. In addition, you will support in-house web-based programs and systems such as Nedco Academy, PurchasingPro and SalesPro (CRM) with technical support, enhancements, resolving issues, documentation and providing user training. The successful candidate must have excellent people skills and the reputation for making things happen. Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills, as well as the ability to work independently, and as part of a team.. The ability to support your decisions is essential, as you will be called upon to complete reports and presentations to the organization senior management. 