 Requirements  B.S. in computer engineering or equivalent  5+ years software development experience  5 years SQL database experience  5 years experience with Java, C# or C++  Understanding of HTTP, Internet protocols, Web browsers  Superior communication skills    Recommended  Agile SCRUM experience  Experience with Financial &amp; Payroll Systems  Enterprise business application development experience   *** If interested in applying, please email resumes to bboulos@netsuite.com ; : "Senior SW Engineer / Developer - Waterloo". No agencies please. 
 At NetSuite, Inc., our vision is to support growing, midsized companies by providing the market's leading Suite of online business applications for CRM, ERP and Web commerce. We are looking for talented, enthusiastic developers to help us meet the growing needs of customers, by extending the NetSuite SaaS platform. You will work alongside other talented people in a collaborative, SCRUM environment. Ownership is a key aspect of our success; developers are expected to drive the technology they are responsible for and in return, are given much autonomy. If you are looking to work on challenging, dynamic technology in a growing, successful company, we like to hear from you.  Product Team:  HCM Job Description NetSuite is looking for a developer to work on the Human Capital Management (HCM) team tasked with extending the ERP product to handle the needs of our largest, multi-national customers. You will work closely with other engineering, product management and QA teams to define and implement new product offerings, and enhance and ensure continued functionality of the Payroll module of our ERP applications. Technically, you will be implementing solutions that include database schema, business logic and presentation layer work. You will use existing methods and best practices, and develop new techniques as appropriate to create features and platforms with the highest levels of security, reliability, efficiency, and scalability. You must have an intimate, working understanding of modern web applications from database to user interface. You must have a proficiency in SQL, Object Oriented languages and extensive experience with database driven applications. You must be an excellent communicator in both technical and non-technical contexts. You must have a record of working to deadlines in a rapid development cycle and prioritizing competing demands. Pride in your work and a desire to delight the customer should motivate you to take initiative, take responsibility and take ownership of your projects. 