 Bachelor degree (preferred Computer Science) 3-5 years of experience functioning as a senior (or only) Salesforce.com administrator Salesforce.com Certification is strongly preferred Proficiency with Salesforce.com point and click administration. Experience with technologies that work with Salesforce.com including: Java, jscript, Ruby, Python, Force.com platform Good understanding of data structures, data modeling , db schema is required. Experience in deployment and release management. Experience with enterprise integration tools and extract, transformation and load (ETL) tools. Experience with UML design and methodology an asset. Experience in Agile development methodology/Scrum is preferred  
 Reporting to the Director of Infrastructure and responsible to the CTO, this role will be a key leader in the growth and development of our systems and software that directly impact the efficiencies of success and daily function of the business. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record to support a sense of confidence and know-how to assess, motivate and develop best practice in code and general software development that will continue our award winning accolades at the international level. #dreamforce Proven ability to independently perform development, testing, implementation, documentation and updating as it relates to the SalesForce.com software and system administration Manage Salesforce.com CRM application. Responsible for maintaining the functional areas of data management, forecasting, deal registration, contacts, leads, campaigns, opportunities, quotes, dashboards and reports etc Implement new enhancements including creation of custom objects, workflows Develop and maintain visualforce, Apex, AppExchanges apps and integration to other third party solutions Maintain multiple user roles, security, profiles, workflow rules, etc. Participate in cross-functional teams that address strategic business issues involving CRM and sales operations Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate technical issues and resolve problems at all levels of the organization both internally and externally Identify SFDC usage problems and craft technical / communication plans to IT/business teams Must have good inter-personal skills and be able to mentor &amp; motivate team members Must be comfortable in rapidly changing and sometimes ambiguous work situations. Ability to work independently and engage supervisor as needed Experience documenting and analyzing processes, procedures, and/or policies. Ability to handle full workload and meet proposed deadlines   