 We want learning to be a part of your experience with us so we don expect you to arrive knowing everything we need but the more matches you have the better fit you be for the role and our team. Our wish list includes the following:  Bachelor Degree / Diploma in Computer Science or Engineering or related fields A strong desire to make a difference and produce a top quality product Used to thinking in terms of solving customer problems not just checking features Scripting language knowledge and experience (perl, python, etc) Linux experience Strong networking experience in TCP/IP based client-server development Experienced with unit testing and TDD Strong customer focus Excellent oral and written communication Cloud hosting experience Experience working in an agile team environment Tell us what special skills you bring to Exinda to help us help others! 
 Exinda is an innovative networking company recently recognized as a Visionary in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for WAN Optimization Controllers. We have over 10,000 appliances installed in more than 2,900 organizations worldwide. We are winning in the market because of our passion for innovation  we committed to pushing the boundaries in software development. We are currently looking for a QA Test Automation Engineer whose primary focus will be blending automated and manual testing to ensure our customers have exceptional experiences with our products.  The WAN Orchestration System guarantees application performance, improves the end-user experience, contains recreational applications and reduces network operating costs for the IT executive. Unlike conventional WAN optimization solutions that focus on acceleration only, Exinda delivers assessment, acceleration and assurance capabilities within a single integrated offering to assure user experience for any application, anywhere, any time.  This means we help teachers teach by ensuring that learning systems like those from D2L, Instructure, or Blackboard are accelerated and have reserved bandwidth. It also means we help people in Africa bank by accelerating the satellite links needed to connect local branches to the main banks. Help us help the UN spend less money on bandwidth and more money helping people grow food in Africa.  Exinda is growing our team with a mixture of junior and senior team members who are responsible for building our Appliance WAN Orchestration System. As part of this agile scrum team, you will be working on all forms of testing our products. Whether it is writing automation tests to validate new caching algorithms, tunneling protocols, or performing exploratory testing on our new UI there is interesting work waiting for you here. The office environment is open and collaborative with an emphasis on software craftsmanship, continuous integration, and test automation practices.  As a QA member of the team, you will be testing products built in a mixture of technologies including Javascript, Java, C, TCL, Erlang, and C++ with a flexible deployment model including physical and virtual appliances as well as support for being hosted in the cloud. Our quality team currently uses python, shell scripting, perl, ruby, cucumber, and selenium to run VMware, IXIA, and Cisco boxes in our homegrown automation system. 