 Responsibilities Primary responsibilities will include:   Providing technical leadership and strategic direction to the test team. Leading the development of the test automation architecture, frameworks and tools for functional and nonfunctional testing. Guiding the test team in the development and execution of automated functional and nonfunctional tests. Assisting the test team with the design and execution of complex tests. Collaborating with development teams in joint efforts to increase the efficiency of build, deployment and test processes through tools and automation. Driving improvements in the management of Test Environments and Test Data. Championing process and quality improvements across the organization.  Other responsibilities will include:   Providing guidance on the effective use of source code control, Test Management and Defect Management tools. Developing deep domain knowledge and understanding of internal customer needs in order to provide guidance on interpreting business requirements, developing specific test strategies and designing customer-oriented tests. Mentoring and coaching members of the test team. Being available and willing to work after hours or weekend on-call if required and to travel periodically.  Qualifications The following are the minimum required and preferred education, knowledge skill and experience:   A Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Information Systems or an equivalent combination of education and experience (Master degree preferred). A minimum of 8 years of combined software development and software test experience (10 or more years preferred). A minimum of 5 years experience developing automated test strategies, architectures and frameworks for functional and non-functional testing at the GUI, service/web service, API and command line levels. A minimum of 5 years in a technical leadership role. Experience developing and deploying automated build and Continuous Integration processes. Experience programming in a language such as C#, VB.Net, Java or C++(C# preferred). Experience scripting in a language such as PowerShell, Python, Perl or Bash (PowerShell preferred). Exceptional thoroughness and attention to detail. Excellent personal time management. Highly developed analytical thinking and problem solving abilities. The ability to work independently or in a team, to collaborate effectively in larger cross-functional teams and to build strong relationships across the organization. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to make presentations to varied audiences throughout the organization. A passion for continuous improvement and the ability to drive change across the organization.  The following are desirable knowledge, skills and experience:   Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio, Team Foundation Services and Microsoft Test Manager. Experience with code coverage and profiling. An understanding of Windows server and desktop environments. An understanding of network concepts including TCP/IP and HTTP protocols. Experience with server and desktop virtualization technologies. Experience with public cloud platforms such as Azure or AWS. 
 My Career. My Company. My Legacy. At PCL, you are more than just an employee. You could be part of a team that works hard, plays hard, and makes a difference in your community. PCL offers competitive compensation packages, and a chance to be an owner in our 100-percent employee-owned company. We not only reward you financially, but give you challenging assignments and a supportive work environment which promotes personal and professional growth.  Whether you are looking for a corporate or construction career, exciting opportunities are waiting for you. Our people have helped us stand out as a leading general contracting organization, which is why we always looking for new talent who can bring innovative solutions and thinking to every project.  We are seeking an experienced Software Test Architect for our North American Headquarters located in Edmonton, AB .  The successful candidate should be a senior software test engineer with experience developing test strategies, designing complex functional and non-functional tests, building and expanding test automation frameworks and tools, providing technical leadership, and coaching and mentoring to a test team. 