 Required Competencies:  Experience in Object Oriented programming Experience in the development of desktop and applications Strong working knowledge and experience in Object Oriented languages such as ActionScript (Apache FLEX), Java, Objective-C, C# Solid working knowledge and experience with web development technologies including JavaScript, HTML/XML Strong knowledge of SQL databases (SQL Server, Oracle, etc.) with a proven strength in data modeling Extremely high attention to detail, quality and pride in workmanship Technical leadership in an Agile environment Sense of humour and interpersonal abilities with persuasive collaboration and team skills Self-starter who shows initiative; demonstrates creative problem solving expertise; and, provides effective solutions Passion for user interfaces and usability  Additional highly desirable competencies (nice to have):  Cloud computing development experience Familiarity / experience with JSON, JQUERY, REST, HTML5, Sencha, Xamarian Native iOS /native Android development experience Salesforce configuration and development including Visual Force, APEX SOQL Lead small to medium size teams, providing development and architectural direction User interface component design and development Scripting language experience such as Perl Knowledge and understanding in Capital Markets and financial services  Interviews commence immediately. 
 We are proud of what we have accomplished so far and we are looking for new developers to join our team. We currently have opportunities in our software engineering department for experienced, leading-edge application developers who has a passion for creating high powered mobile and desktop applications. As a key member of our product engineering team you will be responsible for the development of complex, data driven, sophisticated desktop and mobile applications for our highly demanding clients. Working collaboratively with Product Management, our developers are responsible for all technical aspects of product development including front-end and back-end architecture design, coding implementation and developer-complete unit testing. Our perfect candidate is someone who loves to see their handiwork deliver stable, high performance results with sophisticated, intuitive and elegant user interfaces  and yet, you are continually raising the bar for yourself and the code. Learning new languages; new tricks to optimize your code; new techniques for building solid controls; isn just part of your work it is your passion. You love collaborating with your teammates to continually produce outstanding quality applications regardless of the technology employed. This is a permanent, full-time position for a smart, dynamic, hardworking individual who can add to the knowledgebase of and fit into the dynamic of the team. 