 Typically a technical Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience and a minimum of 6 years related experience or a Master's degree and a minimum of 4 years of experience. Ideal candidates will have as many of the following desired and preferred skills as possible.   Desired skills : HPUX (UNIX platform), Linux, Windows 2003-&gt;2008, Java/C, VShell, Oracle, SQL Server 2005-2008, knowledge in PL/SQL queries , SQL stored procedures ,SQL jobs, Views and functions, SSIS package deployment and configuration, knowledge in IIS configuration for websites, familiarity with SCP/SFTP, familiarity with XML files.   Business skills : ITIL knowledge, experience in Change management or deploying changes, experience in production support.   Knowledge and Skills:  Writing code experience using languages such as (and not limited to) COBOL, PL/1, Java, C, C++, C#, VB.Net desired. Ability to work with Web-development tools for new applications. Basic Understanding of RDBMS databases such SQL Server and Oracle. Basic understanding of modern software design and development methodologies (e.g., OO). Experience on one or more full release project life cycles. Strong understanding of modern SCM (software configuration management). Basic understanding of testing tools and unit and integration test scripting, and testing methodologies. Strong understanding basic Database Administration. Able to apply consistently quality and security standards. Good verbal and written communication skills. Developing general project management/team leader skills. Ability to work effectively in a team and with clients. Able to apply consistently quality and security standards. Good verbal and written communication skills. Developing general project management/team leader skills. Ability to work effectively in a team and with clients. 
 This position will be part of the Global Application Build and Deploy team responsible for deploying applications on the SDA/SRA application suite. The candidate will be required to install and configure both Commercial-off-the-Shelf software (COTS) and custom developed applications and will need the technical skills to identify and resolve technical installation issues. This resource will be a prime contact for the Public Sector ESM (Enterprise Service Management) staging and production environments for assigned application sets but will also work in the ESM global leveraged Transition team addressing environments across the globe. The target location for this requisition will be Canada. Candidates must be willing and eligible to undergo Canadian Security Clearance  HP Enterprise Services aspires to be a strategic partner in helping our more than 1,000 business and government clients in 90 countries better serve their customers and citizens. We work to overcome their IT challenges, collaborating to make technology work for them, anytime and anywhere. To make it matter, so they can achieve more. With a dedication to quality and innovation, we deliver IT consulting, systems integration, and applications development. Enterprises can also outsource IT functions and management to us in areas like infrastructure and business processes. These efforts enable organizations to take the best advantage of cloud computing, information optimization and enhanced security measures to achieve their goals.   Key Responsibilities  - May contribute to development activities - May participates in code reviews - Applies in-depth or broad technical knowledge to maintain one or more technology areas (e.g. Web-site Development). - Applies HP and 3rd party technologies to complex software solutions of moderate complexity. - Independently implements end-user or enterprise solutions complexity or services prepared by more senior technologists for more complex solutions. - May assign work to others. - Provides time / resource estimates for assigned tasks. 