 Characteristics   organized with a strong process orientation   "can do" attitude about quality and getting things    attention to detail   consummate team player who strives to serve internal and external customers and deliver a high degree of customer satisfaction   to multitask and prioritize issues in a fast-paced environment   passion for developing high quality, robust products Requirements   Bachelor or Master degree in Computer Science, Math, Computer Engineering or a related field   least 7 years of software development industry experience   experience in object oriented design and implementation, including experience with multi-threaded and asynchronous environments   with standard software development methodologies   passionate about developing high quality, robust mobile applications that make customers say    verbal and written communication skills and strong interpersonal skills   passions for software development and for activities outside of work Any of the following are considered an asset  .264 video encoding/decoding on Android and iOS   interface development experience on Android and iOS  /socket network programming with boost asynchronous I/O  -platform development (Windows, Linux, OSX, iOS, Android)   network development experience (HSPA, LTE, WiMAX, 802.11)   Linux experience with ARM processors Experience with Android NDK and Android AOSP Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. Position type: full time permanent Salary: competitive  depends on experience and qualification Job location: Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario To learn more, visit www.dejero.com or connect with us at www.linkedin.com/company/dejero-labs-inc./ 
 Dejero is redefining how broadcasters capture, transmit, manage and distribute high-quality live video. Many of the world top broadcasters rely on Dejero for their mobile newsgathering needs. At Dejero we listen to our customers. We then cultivate ideas, innovate and create. We are relentless in our drive to deliver value to our customers. Our culture of collaboration and commitment to customer satisfaction is what sets us apart. And we know how to have fun too. We are currently seeking a Senior Mobile Application Developer to join our Development team. If you are a self-starter with an enthusiastic attitude and driven to raise the bar in everything you do, we want to hear from you. Key Accountabilities   and develop software for audio/video encoding/decoding and network transport on Android (Java, C++) and iOS (Objective C, C++)   with hardware and software team members on new product designs   new intellectual property for Dejero   in a fast-paced, late stage start-up environment   customer concerns regarding Dejero products 