  A Bachelor of Science or equivalent and a minimum of years of working quality assurance and software development experience. Working experience collaborating effectively with various groups and team members including external or remote teams. Proven experience working with large server software systems. Experience with multiple OS platforms but most importantly Windows and Linux. Experience in automated testing and system performance. Experience with problem analysis, requirements definition, and proposing software solutions. Ideal candidate should demonstrate a history of previous software development and quality assurance experience as well as technical innovation, attention to detail, ability to handle shifting priorities and multi-tasking, all with a demonstrated commitment to product quality.  Required Skills:  Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to convert broad software requirements to detailed specification and designs. A proactive, customer-oriented approach when troubleshooting problems and resolving issues related to product, process and tools. Application-layer network knowledge, security related technologies, understanding of server/system architecture and design. An ability to research and recommend tools to expand and enhance our software tool set. Good planning and effort estimation skills.  Preferred Skills:  Networking (protocol stack) knowledge; familiar with application layer protocol such as HTTP, FTP, SMTP, and POP3. General software programming and debugging experience using Java, and script languages such as Java Script, Perl, Python Experience using technologies such as J2EE, Apache Tomcat, Service Oriented Architecture, and Web Services Proficient with relational databases such as Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL. Understanding of virtualization and cloud computing concepts and technology.  
   Trend Micro: Securing Your Journey to the Cloud  As a global leader in cloud security, Trend Micro develops Internet content security and threat management solutions that make the world safe for businesses and consumers to exchange digital information. With 25 years of experience, we recognized as the market leader in server security for delivering top-ranked client, server, and cloud-based data protection solutions that stop threats faster and protect data in physical, virtualized, and cloud environments.  Senior Quality Assurance Specialist  Ottawa, Canada   You will participate as part of a dynamic and talented team that will be developing and testing the next generation of Trend Micro security products. Your role will be to work with the software development and quality assurance teams to test and ensure the quality of our enterprise based products. You will design and implement system assurance processes and tools to ensure high quality, high performance and high software security. This is a role requiring system level quality assurance experience and a high degree of adaptability and creativity.  