 Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related discipline Minimum of 5 years of commercial software testing experience 2+ years of coding experience with C, C++, or .NET 2+ years of experience with relational database, ability to write SQL queries 1+ years coding experience with Java  Competencies:   Deep understanding of Linux OS, Windows OS Ability to use scripting languages, knowledge of network protocols Knowledge of software automation tools: NeoLoad, Selenium Strong analytical and problem solving skills Strong multi-tasker, with the ability to set priorities under tight deadlines Positive, can-do attitude Creative thinking and natural curiosity in approaching testing of the product Excellent communication and negotiation skills The successful candidate should be energetic and enthusiastic and able to work with flexibility in a highly dynamic environment Familiarity with Rapid Software Testing methodology would be considered an asset  Pelmorex is committed to equity in the workplace. We thank all applicants for their interest, but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. As a condition of employment, this position is subject to the successful completion of pre-employment reference checks. 
 Are you passionate about product quality? Do you take pride in successful launches of complicated data systems and love to see climbing app ratings on the products you have worked on? If you love working with the latest technologies, are a quick learner, a great team player and a hands-on professional, then this is your chance to join The Weather Network Quality Assurance team in our continued quest to provide excellence.  Working as part of the QA team, you will search for, investigate, report and track issues. Your duties will include ensuring the scalability, availability and fault-tolerance of the weather applications. Both black and white box testing; following both existing test plans and test plans that you write; designing new test cases; and, analyzing defect reports will be required. Your duties will also include test automation.  We are looking for a QA Developer who will work with back-end meteorological data systems, mission critical alerting systems, as well as with consumer facing products.  Responsibilities:   Plan and design testing beginning at the Software Design Phase, including automation. Review product requirements and design from a testing perspective. Establish test plans, test requirement matrix, test design/specification and test cases/charters. Test software builds, isolate bugs and document and track them in the bug repository. Provide guidance and assistance to junior QA team members in the execution of their testing assignments. Work with other functional departments (Development, Operations, Marketing). Keep track of progress on QA projects and generate status reports on a regular basis. Aid in planning, implementing test strategies and system improvements. Automate regression and load tests.  Roles, responsibilities and duties may evolve and change over time. 