 Java Sr. Developers - Candidates with great Spring Framework Knowledge. a. Spring MVC b. Spring Security c. Spring AOP and IOC d. Adobe QC5 
 VTRAC Consulting Corporation   for Growth  Please e-mail your resume as a MS-WORD document in confidence Subject: Sr. Java Developer, Spring (contract) , JOB No. 7130 , Attention: marilynd@vtrac.com or call: (416) 366-2600 x 236  Job No.:  7130 Position:  Sr. Java Developer, Spring Position Type:  Contract (6 month) No. of Positions:  1 Location:  Toronto, ON   Description:  As a Sr. Java Developer, you will be responsible for technical design, development, and integration of cross functional, multi-platform application systems   Responsibilities:   Analyze, define and document requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, hardware and operating system environment, interface with other systems, internal and external checks, controls, and outputs  Provide cost and time estimates for assigned work packages to support the development of time tables and project plans  Coordinate coding, testing , implementation, integration and documentation of solution, and perform complex applications programming activities  Interface with system designers to design, code, test and implement application programs. Work with end-users to ensure completeness of specifications and inclusion of technical requirements  Provide solutions that potentially impact other dependent projects and applications  Act as a technical solution provider (subject matter expert) for complex application problems, Able to help/mentor Junior Developers.  Requirements:    Must have 5 years of practical working knowledge of Java, Spring MVC, Spring Security, Spring AOP and IOC  Must have previous Application Delivery development experience encompassing knowledge of formal methodologies and disciplines for delivering new or enhanced applications  Successfully manage multiple priorities  Able to effectively interact with business clients, Senior Development staff to receive guidance and direction, project managers, middle to senior technology management  Able to review, analyze, and modify programming systems, including encoding, testing, debugging and installing for a large-scale system. Maintain records to document program development and revisions. Provide support for existing production applications  Able to successfully write documentation that describes installation and operating procedures and provide on-call support to ensure rapid recovery of application failures. Maintain application systems  Successfully manage multiple priorities as this role consists of managing multiple concurrent objectives, projects, groups or activities    We thank all candidates in advance. Only selected candidates for interviews will be contacted. For other exciting opportunities, please visit us at www.vtrac.com . VTRAC is an equal opportunity employer.  