 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or equivalent and at least five years software development experience or equivalent Strong JSP and JavaScript skills with experience in generating pages At least 3 years experience with Java and JSP Must be able to work well in a fast paced environment Strong Communication skills and ability to work as part of a team Must be able to learn quickly with minimal supervision Additional requirements considered an asset are: Struts 2 framework Dojo Framework Proven experience developing client-server architecture using SOAP 
 Are you a developer with a passion for delivering great products in a fast-paced environment? Do you love working with latest technologies? If so, N-able by SolarWinds has an opening for a Senior Developer that might be a good fit for you.  N-able by SolarWinds is the leading global provider of complete IT management and Automation solutions for Managed Service Providers (MSPs). N-able award-winning N-central is the industry #1 RMM and MSP Service Automation Platform. N-able by SolarWinds has a proven track record of helping MSPs standardize and automate the setup and delivery of IT services in order to achieve true scalability. We believe that the MSPs who use our products everyday should be excited about them. That's why we put our users first in everything we do, and strive to deliver powerful functionality while making their jobs easier.  Our success begins with our engineering team's ability to consistently deliver quality software that is easy to install, easy to use, and that solves our customer's pain points. If you enjoy working in a team of smart people and share the same passion for engineering with them we'd love to talk to you!   Responsibilities  Document feature Use Cases and designs Implement functionality using Dojo, JavaScript, Java, JSP, Struts and Less Unit test, document and integrate features Maintaince and bug fixing on existing codebase Make the code cross-browser compatible Mentor junior team members   