 The Candidate  As the ideal candidate, you have: A minimum five years experience designing and developing enterprise level web based Java applications A Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Business Degree with MIS or equivalent University Computer Science or college graduate OJCP or SJCP certification Proven ability to complete development projects so they are completed on time and on budget Proven experience leading Java development teams in the delivery of standards based modern web applications Proven experience architecting solutions that follow both J2EE design patterns and MVC design patterns Proven experience creating solutions that follow test driven development principles Proven experience helping organizations maximize productivity out of their development processes A passion for writing and blogging; and you possess a clear proficiency in the English language with strong written and oral communication skills Experience conducting requirements workshops and documenting requirements The ability to prepare and present work to the client and write high quality client facing documents Knowledge and experience with Java environments including Eclipse and Java application servers (Examples include Tomcat, JBoss or Websphere) Knowledge and experience with the following enterprise java application, web development and testing frameworks: Vaadin, JSF, STRUTS, JSP, HTML, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery, HTML 5, CSS3, REST, Spring, Hibernate, Junit and Selenium Knowledge of change and configuration management and continuous integration Fundamental understanding of SQL; relational database design and development Knowledge of the Software Development Life Cycle, Software Design Patterns, and structured analysis techniques Knowledge of Agile software development principles Knowledge of current and evolving web technologies The ability to be a self-starter and a self-learner  The Package  Our Total Rewards package, including flexible work schedules, a pension plan, flexible benefits, generous vacation leave, and professional development and training, is designed to reward success. Details regarding compensation will be based on the successful candidates knowledge, skills, and experience. We encourage a healthy balance between life and work and offer superb lifestyle choices that suit the way you work - and play!  We thank all candidates for applying. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 The Opportunity  Maximize your career potential and draw on your abilities to translate technology issues and opportunities into meaningful results! Lead MNP application development teams Architect Java solutions Provide solid technology recommendations Your expertise and insight can help create value, sustain infrastructure, increase growth, improve processes, and reduce costs for our clients. We are currently seeking an energetic Senior Java Application Development Consultant to join the MNP Technology Consulting Services practice. This is a fast paced and dynamic environment that provides challenging learning opportunities. The position requires energy, focus, a problem-solving approach to work, and a strong desire to contribute to a bright and highly-motivated team. Travel on occasion will be required. 