 Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities  3+ years of test lead experience.  In depth software Quality Assurance experience including Agile testing methodologies, preferably from an Enterprise sized IT organization.  Experience working according to established SDLC methodologies is required.  The ability to work to agreed deadlines.  Experience estimating and managing time.  Understanding of JAVA, Oracle Fusion Middleware and WebCenter is an asset.  Must be willing to travel within North America on occasion. 
 We are currently looking for an experienced Senior Tester to join a potential long term project with one of Indigena Solutions large multi-national clients.  Specific Accountabilities  Responsible for managing projects within the testing team. Act as the point of contact or liaison to the master client for testing projects. Provide expertise and work directly on projects with master clients.  Lead the testing effort to plan, construct and execute release tests.  Apply testing methodologies, principles and processes to define and implement key metrics to manage and assess the testing process including test execution and defect resolution.  Apply business and functional knowledge to meet the teams' overall test objectives. Coach and provide advice to testers as required.  Take responsibility for all phases of testing and the management of the testing activities within a development project. Create the test effort estimates, co-ordinate all testing tasks within the team, evaluate, maintain and improve testing roles and responsibilities within the product development life-cycle. Manage team compliance with existing measures for reporting testing efforts.  Facilitate the development, implementation and adherence of testing standards with all stakeholders. Provide guidance on defining test strategies and plans for project teams.  Develop and maintain excellent working relationships with team and client stakeholders.  Approve the work of testers with an emphasis on maintaining workflow and quality standards. 