 Skills and Experience - Key...  5+ years in a front-end or UI developer role showing progressive experience Semantic HTML CSS Fluent in plain JavaScript Experience with at least one JavaScript MV* framework (Knockout, Angular, Ember, Backbone) Experience developing on a variety of browsers and devices Server-side language exposure (C#, Java, PHP, Ruby, Python) Responsive design best practices  Bonus...  .NET MVC and Razor Knockout, Backbone SASS / LESS Git Unit testing frameworks (QUnit, Jasmine, Mocha) JS build tools (Require.js, Browserify, Grunt, Bower, Node.js) Understanding of AJAX, ASP.NET, XML, Web Services Working knowledge of SQL Photoshop, Illustrator Expertise in one or more of the following core areas: internationalization, security, performance, usability, DevOps 
 We are looking to fill a senior front-end role in our web team, using the latest technologies over a .NET stack. Our web platform receives millions of hits a day from a customer base that spans the globe from Japan to South Africa. It is the bedrock of the store experience on browsers, e-readers and native apps. You are not here to mindlessly implement comps. You will be involved with our UX team from ideation to prototyping to production, and have an active voice in UI development. You will work with architects to map out core framework components and provide guidance to junior developers. You will work with other developers in a Scrum team to deliver features for the Kobo store. Somewhere in between, you get to go to conferences and organize internal tech events of your own. Although we have grown quite far from being a start-up, we like to keep the best parts of it around here. Our workplace is open and even the most senior architect is just a few desks away. We still have scrums and small team sizes. We have happy hours every month to keep everyone, well, happy. This is an opportunity to be at the forefront of a company transforming from a major to dominant player in digital content. Come join one of Canada most exciting and promising tech companies.  About you...  You are passionate about creating engaging user experiences. You have worked with high volume systems where performance matters. You can balance between business, UX and technology concerns. You live in a post-pixel perfect world of tiny screens, high DPI screens, monochrome screens, with touch, stylus, voice control, mouse and keyboard  in any combination. You also don care much for IE9 and its ancestors.  