 Minimum 12 years of relevant experience, 6 years in software development related. Work with business stakeholders and other SMEs to assess current capabilities, understand business requirements and apply technical background/understanding in the development of System Requirements Specifications (SRS) documents Work with the business to design effective "To-Be" processes; identify and define detailed product requirements into functional technical specifications Support testing teams in translating requirements and use cases into test conditions and expected results for product, performance, user acceptance, and operational acceptance testing; participate in the testing of developed systems/solutions Adhere to existing processes/standards including the system development life cycle and project management methodology (PMLC), business technology architecture, risk and production capacity guidelines and escalate issues as required. Contribute to the development of project plans by participating in the scoping and estimating of proposed projects Communicate project status and provide timely escalation of issues to the Technology Project Manager and ensure timely notification and escalation of possible issues/problems, options and recommendations for prompt resolution Continuously enhance knowledge/expertise in own area and keep current with leading-edge technologies trends/developments and develop expertise in TD services, application, infrastructure, analytical tools and techniques that can contribute to effective solution development/delivery Prioritize and manage own workload in order to deliver quality results and meet timelines. Support a positive work environment that promotes service to the business quality, innovation and teamwork and ensure timely communication of issues/points of interest. Identify and recommend opportunities to enhance productivity, effectiveness and operational efficiency of the business unit and/or team Participate in knowledge transfer within the team and business units Sound knowledge of business analysis principles Good knowledge of technical environment and applications supported within team Expert knowledge of tools (e.g. MS Office) within own area Projects are highly complex and typically multiple projects are in progress in parallel Participate in triaging defects and assists technology teams in resolving them 
 This role is open to contract or permanent full time. Priority will be given to those open to permanent employment.  Wealth Management Technology Solutions (WMTS) supports the TD Wealth line of business. The WMTS Development Services department (WMTS-DS) provides all in-house development, implementation services, production support and architecture. The Java Development team (JD) with WMTS-DS provides all in-house development using the Java development language.  We are seeking candidates for the position of Senior Technology Business Analyst (Sr. Systems Analyst) within the Framework and Web Service development team supporting the TD bank Financial Group Wealth management businesses. As part of this team, the candidate will be charged with working on business solutions that include Web Services or Peer Web Applications supporting the development of Business solutions such as Wealth Gateway and Active Trader.  The candidate's responsibilities will include business requirement analysis, systems analysis, mapping of data and process flows and documentation. As a Senior Analyst the candidate will have leadership responsibilities, including ownership of the system Requirement documentation, directing and mentoring of junior members, guiding business analysts and technology teams through requirement mapping.  