 Required Qualifications and Skills  Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or equivalent experience 5+ years experience in a formal software QA environment, testing complex server products Experience testing a wide variety of products, server and web-based. 3+ years experience with FitNesse automated testing framework, Froglogic Squish, Selenium, or comparable automation tools Solid understanding of web-based technologies (XML, REST), and various transport protocols (SOA, HTTP, SSL, JMS) Strong experience with virtualization platforms VMware ESX and Workstation Experience working with AWS and cloud-based testing environments. Strong troubleshooting abilities, disciplined and detail oriented Clear and effective communication skills, both written and oral  Nice to Have  2+ years developing automated test tools and test artifacts using Java\C#\scripting tools Familiar with WIKI products, Bugzilla, JIRA and SOAP-based testing tools Have lead small teams of QA analysts, or small projects. Please apply directly at: 2333-29-MH845@apply.maxhire.net 
 Swim Recruiting is seeking a Senior QA Engineers (Automation) to join our exciting and growing client.  The successful candidate has worked in a QA department for at least 5 years, performing a mix of manual and automated product testing. You will have been involved in the QA process at a senior level, and may have led small teams for specific projects - so you work well independently, and have sound judgment and organizational skills. You must be comfortable functioning within a large formalized R&amp;D team, where overall release and testing processes are defined enough to give structure and you thrive on owning tasks from  to grave. You are no stranger to learning new technologies, using various tools and third party products to get the job done, introducing or improving QA processes, practices, and tools, and mentoring junior QA Analysts.  Key Responsibilities  Participate in all aspects of testing a enterprise level security product. This includes functional review, test planning, bug report creation and validation, functional and regression testing Create, maintain and add to a growing and robust suite of automated testcases, using internal tools and processes Assist leads and management in defining and molding overall QA process. Actively contribute to growing knowledge base for our product, and interface with external teams as required Participate in certifications or standards audits, or externally facing projects as required for your product. Produce documentation for internal and external audiences as required Assist in mentoring and training of new staff as required.  