 Strong experience working in an Agile development environment Understands technical and functional design requirements. Understands the necessity of and contributes to coding standards. Prioritizes multiple tasks effectively. Can work in a very dynamic environment and under pressure Work very well inside a team and encourages fellow team members to make innovative contributions and embrace new ideas Understands and demonstrated work experience with advanced relational database concepts. Demonstrates expertise with physical and logical database design. Writes effective stored procedures. Understands expectations that were set with client and recognizes when issues/events may affect delivery. Anticipates client needs before they arise and presents solutions to project management that encompass issues at hand. Proactively seeks opportunities to broaden and deepen knowledge base and proficiencies. Shares acquired skills with team members through formal and informal channels. Knows the retail industry Technical skills Minimum 10 years of experience as a developer 5+ years working experience designing and building applications using Java and fundamental understanding of design concept and design patterns Strong understanding of the J2EE ecosystem including proven experience with Application Servers (Apache Tomcat), and standard Java technologies such as JNDI, JMS and JMX Understands client server and internet systems architectures Web development (JavaScript, XML/JSON, XSL, AJAX, Web Services) (3+ years) Solid knowledge of SQL programming language SQL server 2000-2005, Oracle 9i, Stored procedure T-SQL, PL/SQL and DTS Understanding of Data warehouse, OLAP Windows Microsoft office suite Microsoft Visio Would be an asset Strong knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3 Experience with Eclipse, Linux MySQL Proven experience working with technologies such as Jira and Git. Security, encryption, compression experience French Point of Sale knowledge Mobile app development experience Near field communication (NFC) Academic / Educational requirements University degree in Computer Science or equivalent 
 Reporting to the POS Solution Designer, the Software Developer is responsible to participate in the design, development, maintain and support of applications that are assigned. As part of the development team, he/she works in constant collaboration with the business analyst and quality assurance teams. The contribution during the solution design, the quality of code developed in respect of the standards in place and within the timeline established, the reliability and collaboration with colleagues and the user community are the main evaluation criteria for this position. Responsibilities Collaborate actively with the business analyst (BA) in the design of: Fully integrated systems, which may include applications, databases and related systems; Alternative solutions to existing applications Effective and efficient interfaces to systems, applications, and databases Conduct feasibility studies Provide high level development estimates during the initial stages of project Provide &amp; meet estimated time of accomplishment for assigned tasks Evaluate and enhance the efficiency of existing programs in meeting current and future user needs; Ensure system integrity and efficiency Write code to meet specifications Perform unit, integrated and volume testing Support deployment activities in QA Maintain and support assigned systems to ensure minimal downtime and loss of productivity and service Maintain and support associated databases Troubleshoot and resolve database and data problems; Write supporting technical documentation 