 4 to 6 + years experience in software test  Experience with MySQL database, basic SQL programming, and Subversion or Git version control a plus  Experience with Linux operating systems and client-server systems  Experience with bug tracking software  Experience working in an agile development environment  Experience with unit testing (PHP, Java, Python, JavaScript, C, etc.)  Experience with web UI testing (Selenium)  Strong organizational, time management and communication skills (both written and verbal)  Firm understanding of software QA methodologies and software development life cycle  Must be goal and detail-oriented  Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills  Be flexible with changing priorities and simultaneous projects; strong ability to multitask  Strong interpersonal skills; ability to communicate and work well with every department in the company  Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent software engineering QA experience. 
 Job:  The Lead QA Engineer position will start performing software testing duties for a variety of systems at Fusemail  including, but not limited to, web applications, customer billing, back-end systems, email delivery and security systems that are impacting  millions of users daily. This position will work on QA tasks throughout the life-cycle of a project and will work with various departments to assure process is being followed, thus strong interpersonal and communication are required. Eventually this position will need to lead a remote QA team so previous outsourcing management experience is a plus.   Job:  Hands-on participation in the project lifecycle, from reviewing requirements through release and post-launch support.  Create and execute comprehensive test plans and test cases, report and track issues through resolution.  Functional, system integration, regression, user acceptance and production deployment testing  Reproduce production bugs and validate bug fixes  Work with all departments during and after development to ensure proper business and development process is being followed to ensure full test coverage.  Demonstrate ownership and accountability with assigned tasks  Provide accurate and timely estimates for QA timelines and effort  Establish and evolve formal QA processes, ensuring that the team is using  industry-accepted best practices.  Oversee all aspects of quality assurance including establishing metrics, applying industry best practices, and developing new tools and processes to ensure quality goals are met.  Act as key point of contact for all QA aspects of releases, providing QA services and coordinating QA resources internally and externally.  Lead and mentor QA team members, as well as manage external testers. 