 We're looking for people who want to make a difference doing a job they love  dynamic individuals willing to take the risks necessary to make big ideas come to life and who are comfortable collaborating in our creative, new-idea-driven environment. You'll be rewarded for hard work and be given new opportunities to grow, learn, and excel.  Overview:  Provide TIBCO Account Executives technical assistance in pre- and post-sales engagements. Identify and technically qualify new business opportunities .Participate in the development of the business and technical strategy, including RFI/RFP responses, sizing and architecture outlines, and coordinating with Professional Services and Alliance partners to win new customers and proliferate usage within the existing customer base.  Responsibilities:  Deliver technical architecture presentations and technical solutions according to customer requirements and product specifications. Perform hands on design work to prove TIBCO software capabilities to customers during the evaluation (Proof of Concept) process. Install, configure, demonstrate and troubleshoot all products with the TIBCO product suite. Effectively communicate competitive solution/product differentiators to customers and the sales team. Ensure customers are successful integrating our products after the sale is made. Proactively communicated with the team members and other Solution Consultants s on a regular basis as well as provide timely reporting as required by Solution Consultant Management.  Preferred Qualifications:  BA/BS in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent. Minimum of 5-7 years (includes software development, design and architecture) and at least 3 years in presales Demonstrated proficiency with all programming languages "built in" to TIBCO products, including, but not limited to XPATH and XML Advanced technical knowledge in one or more of the following areas: Operating Systems --- UNIX (including LINUX) and Microsoft Windows Middleware Basics Types of Middleware (RPC's, Message Oriented Middleware, Distributed Objects) Application Servers Integration Servers Business Process Management fundamentals Business Process Management (BPM) Workflow Process Modeling Business Activity Modeling (BAM) Portals Application Integration Standards (XML, XSLT, XPATH) Web Services (SOAP, WSDL, UDDI, WS-Security) Internet protocols - HTTP, XML, FTP, SMTP Demonstrated proficiency in JMS, EJB, SQL and JAVA Ability to complete complex POC and RFI/RFP  
 Headquartered in Palo Alto, Calif., TIBCO Software Inc. (NASDAQ: TIBX) is a provider of infrastructure software for companies to use on- premise or as part of cloud computing environments. Whether it's optimizing claims, processing trades, cross- selling products based on real-time customer behavior, or averting a crisis before it happens, TIBCO provides companies the two-second advantage  the ability to capture the right information at the right time and act on it preemptively for a competitive advantage. More than 4,000 customers worldwide rely on TIBCO to manage information, decisions, processes and applications in real time.  TIBCO is an established company that has retained the speed and agility of a start-up. We value and encourage new ideas, direct communication, out-of-the-box thinking, risk-taking and creative problem solving. With offices and opportunities in more than 30 cities all over the world, a career at TIBCO is virtually limitless.  