 Experience and Skills  BS in Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent. 5+ years application development with C/C++, Objective-C or Java 2+ years native mobile experience highly recommended or preferred Solid understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) and computer science foundations Strong knowledge of software implementation best practices Expertise with Git, Subversion Cloud development, integration &amp; implementation are a plus Test driven Development Comfort in handling multiple tasks and changing priorities without losing much productivity. Writes and tests production code while asking for help where needed; guides review sessions. Continuous build / continuous integration experience  About You   Have opinions and  taste about languages, frameworks and tools based on hands on experience, not other people blog posts   Prefer to work in a relaxed, informal  ego atmosphere. You love to make an impact and thrive in small collaborative, energetic teams.   Read up on and experiment with new technologies because it in your nature, not because it a job requirement. You don just learn how things work, you learn why.   Hands on experience with data modeling (inventory data schema a plus)   Strong experience developing enterprise web applications   Offshore / multi-shore coordination experience   Willingness to travel to the US to work with remote development teams 
 ForeSee is seeking a Senior iOS / Android Developer who will serve on an agile development team supporting the development of an enterprise SaaS platform. This person will be responsible for designing, developing, engineering, and implementing native SDK and applications in a B2B environment. They will create and analyze UML artifacts and develop sophisticated applications using the native Android SDK, and iOS platforms, including all supporting technologies; design API interfaces; integrate with back-end databases and servers; provide technical support for various processes throughout the software development life-cycle; and provide ongoing project management and systems documentation, as necessary.   